If left HIM hungry. Some people expect a supersize meal to fill them up. Some people can eat moderately and feel full. Today is your lucky day! I do.Not surprised. For anybody who lives in the ULK Sainsburys Basic brand of Peanut Butter is absolutely god tier compared to the big namesCleans out the neckpipes; fizzy Draino.well I know something I'm adding to my next amazon orderYes please. I recently went to Cozumel and had [these tacos](http://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/05/5d/06/99/delicious-tacos-served.jpg) on a tour and can't find a similar recipe. Everything on that plate was so delicious and I really want to make it again, so if you know anything about it please let me know.damn dude ..... looks so goodi saw a video of thai lady/chef cooking pad thai and she had onionsYes, do so. I think you should do basics. Like red rice, refried beans, salsa verde, homemade tortillas, etc. Those items are usually the sides that go with the guisado. 
Then I'd like to see mole, chiles rellenos, pambazos, guaraches, sopes, tamales, menudo, and posole. I will be looking out for the recipes. Thanks!
When I lived there, kids got dividends.I'm not seeing any of that interest or effort. And then if you're going to post in a public forum, then it should be worth looking at.No because Europe.i actually did this in college. put a little fish sauce and sesame sauce in there too; actually not bad at all. Dude.  Unless you're in Alaska (From what Im reading below) eggs are super cheap.  You have to throw an egg in that to make it pad thai level instead of top ramen with peanut butter.  I don't think I've ever met someone skilled in top ramen consumption who eats it without choice of hot sauce.I wish I had the recipe for those chips!Why get the tube? a ginger root can sit on your desk, is considerably cheaper and you can cut/smash it with about anything.

I payed .79 cents for a big ass piece of delicious ginger.This is pretty much how my wife and I make our chili; it's at least a weekly staple for us, usually on weekends. We used to do the corn starch thing, but these days we just let it cook all day instead and it thickens itself up nicely. We find that the longer it cooks, the richer the taste; leftovers the next day are usually even better than the first time around.i watched it with the sound off and wrote down the names of the dishes i wanna try. next time i go to my favorite thai restraunt i will be able to order something other than pad thai and not worry about what im gunna get.   THANK YOU FOR POSTING!!!I recently tried the Tobasco chipotle sauce. May not be as spicy but so much more taste!What noodles are you thinking? I want to try this!
I've never bought premade pad thai sauce before either- any recommendations? Maybe you just have [tiny hands](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/C89uOeDL9Gw/hqdefault.jpg)...I didn't believe in fire shits either until i moved to San Diego, aka Mexican food heaven.Welcome to the club, brother.Coke is so much sharper... only way I can describe itYea, I was hesitant about writing that, but this recipe I think is quite good and comes close, if you want to try it sometime. Come to NJ, where everything is expensive.  I think 9 dollars is right if the stuff used isn't complete shit and also this is a yelp review, I would cut my fingers off before I believed anyone on yelp.No, I live in a Scottish village, ahahah.Yes. Yes! YES!! Please do this. At my local grocery store they sell sushi like that fresh for about 10 USDOffensive to who? Chefs/cooks with fully equipped kitchens, a food budget &gt;$25 a week, and years of experience? Unless you're whippin up pad Thai in some authentic Thai shanty, I don't see any reason for YOU to be offended.What's fappenin? You would be surprised. Without sugar, it's richer, more peanut-y. Better fresh otherwise oil separates.Oh my god free fresh salmon...  Being in an extremely landlocked province, the idea of cheap or free seafood hurts my heart.Hmm, do you put the egg in whole, or do you crack it into the pan? I ate a burger topped with sauteed ghost peppers on a lark in St Augustine. It was very very hot, and I teared up and sweated. No issue with shits the next day, though. If I really abuse the spicy stuff I'll get some butt tingle for 10 minutes or so, but nothing I could call pain.The problem Isn't the "standard" being high, it's people shitting on a person in their late teens/early twenties who more than likely is using a kitchen smaller than my bathroom. Yeah fuck him for his nomenclature and interest in food. /sOnly fat cats use mugs. If you're really frugal you use the bottom of a broken beer bottle. Pro-tip: used oil rags make great thermal insulators to keep the hot drink inside from burning your fingers. If you can't afford a used oil rag you can usually find a handful of dead leaves. They work alright but they're not as convenient.Probably b r cause a large percentage is.$5 * 365? Yep, math checks out guys.OP thinks college students can afford brand name items...?
I can barely afford toilet paper.Totally yes, what a great idea!I fully support what you're doing. Now you've made me homesick for Veracruz... Pescado a la veracruzana sounds amazing. Tambin que incluyes horchata de arroz, coco, cacahuate, y avena, tortillas, volovanes, espaguetis verde, chancletas, tamales regulares, milanesa de pollo, flan, cualquier tipo de jaiva, algo con pia........ Ehhhhhh... Y mapache. 

Edit: but I think you should start simple with a recipe for carne asada tacos. Kendal Jackson Merlot.  This is pretty affordable and pretty easy to get.Everything you need for cancer.Wow, it sounds delicious :)Just posted something similar. Fresh made from the machine at health food stores.Mix half sriracha and half white vinegar. I like this more than either cholula or tapatio Thanks for sharing and looks delicious.  I have been mixing some clams I have with some store bought sauce.....I will have to give your recipe a try!  I would literally pay you a subscription for this. Please do it.I love making Tai food. So healthy and a wonderful variety of mild spices.Exactly why I haven't found one yet.  I'd love to make some mole but don't have the time to make the sauce! /r/avocadosgonewild Pepsi is revolting. Its like a sloppy version of coke.Has ramen always been $0.25 a packet?

Because if so, it's price when accounting for inflation has plummeted.No I like adding Sriracha to my pad thai after I make it.   How much are you putting on that it masks all other flavors.  Yeah, these are called jokes.It is not very good. Too sweet and too mild. Yes, pleeeeease!Yes. What i do is take sriracha and mix in equal part white vinegar. This gets you a better hot sauce than tapatio. &gt; a hard shell taco with lettuce and shredded cheese

This is exactly why I had this idea! Every time I see a post about tacos like that it makes me mad!

About seafood, I'm considering *camarn al mojo de ajo* and *caldo de camarn*.Racha Thai, Seattle.  Duck soup, beefish broth though.  Yu choy, shiitake mushrooms, cilantro and onion :D   I eat their wonton soup alot too.Portions are smaller, but there are a ton more seasoning packets and variations. There are usually three packets per bag: A dried veggie packet, a seasoning packet, and a sauce packet.

Ramen in China takes up an entire aisle in China. There are so many different varieties. It's where they hide the coke.Oh dude, you don't have to tell me that Tex-Mex has very little to do with Mexican, I know this, but you'd be surprised how many people can't tell the difference.

I think adding a map would be an amazing idea, Oaxaca has delicious food but its very different than the northern part, or even just DF or Morelos.Or they don't agree. The best peanut butter is made fresh. You don't have to make it. You can get it at health food stores  (some Whole Foods have it). There's a machine that grinds the peanuts, like a coffee grinder. You hold your container underneath and take however much you want. It takes really good and no need for sugar.Yeah, the article said that the logo, and the bottle with green cap are trademarked. ew
i think the noodles are one chemicla away from plastic and im pretty sure that peanut butter is soybean oil sugar preservatives with a hint of peanut flavor enjoy your pad thaiI will cover the basics in each post. From how to chop the vegetables to really get a nice flavour to how to choose the best ingredients.Yes! Do it please!!!! I lived in Veracruz for two years and haven't been back. I've been craving everything! Post the recipe for mole rojo, tacos al pastor, enfrijoladas, cabezota de perro, tamales de elote, esquites, medianoches, ropa vieja, sidra, posole, mole, todo que tiene mariscos especialmente el coctel de camarones! Post everything and I will make it all!!! And if you post a hard shell taco with lettuce and shredded cheese I will find you and I will cut you... At the Taco Bell just off campus where I am, they make you ask for packets and generally only give you 2 or 3. The struggle.For some reason not all Food4Less are owned/operated by the same people, it seems more like a franchise.  The ones in the Sacramento area are run by Nugget Market (northen california grocery chain) but the ones in the San Luis Obispo area managed by another group. You mean college peanut noodles? Because peanut noodles are a thing. Pad Thai is totally different. Just because it's some noodle dish with sauce doesn't classify it as pad Thai. Good to know about that! 

^^Now ^^I'm ^^going ^^to ^^lurk ^^_____MACHETE_____'s ^^history ^^a ^^littleI used to be able to do that with OxyContin back when they were actually abusable. If you dumb them down a bit that would be good. I'm from Canada and haven't really had a chance to try anything close to authentic. Exactly at 212 degrees, you mean. Disregarding pressurized environments, if water is above the boiling point it's vapor. Boiling water is exactly at the boiling point, and as the molecules gain more energy they transition to vapor and escape. No you need to eat something actually really spicy for thatThis is not how it worksNot sure if we'll be able to get to a second list of samples, but if you're interested sign up here and we'll do what we can 

https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1hBLC9efJsp_JYflclrCZ9cI5sfWlvYftACvTws6f5tk/viewform?usp=send_formHAHA! Those bring back some memories.Oh yeah, when I move out in 16 weeks I'll be giving them an earful about this.Reddit needs to know *salsa verde*!Holy shit. Tell me more. I'll keep that in mind ;)

Any other suggestions? I'm eager to find out!But is it the best ingredients? What is that meat made out of? Where is it coming from? what about that bread? Why does the bread get so gross if you take longer than 15 mins to eat it? 

Point is, you get what you pay for. Pupusas are mainly from El Salvador. Please use water. Do not be the guy who sets off the fire alarm by not using water. Do the packs contain more? Maybe the portions are larger?http://youtu.be/7SjoE5F8EbY

I got Sriracha sauceI worked in a milk bottling plant when I was in college. I don't want to say the brand but its one of the big ones. We bottled almost all the local milk there, our main brand and the generic cheaper off brand. The only difference between bottling one or the other was we'd switch the packaging but it would be the same milk. Reddit needs to know and love chilaquiles KTrypophobics, BEWARE!Nice this could go on college humor.com because college jokes are funny lolDoesn't everyone in Alaska receive checks from various oil and mineral revenue every year?Phenomenal write-up, thanks! I agree with your thoughts re: fancy ingredients - if that's what I'm looking for, I'd rather go to places like Eleven Madison Park. I'll have to check out Ichimura and Nakazawa next time I want to treat myself.

It sounds like you're pretty knowledgeable about the sushi scene in NYC. Do you have any recs for more moderately priced spots? Thoughts on Blue Ribbon Sushi or Tanoshi?Same here. Sriracha has such a distinct flavor I try to avoid actually cooking with it because it can get overpowering. As long as you make it super patronizing and keep reminding how cheese isn't traditional. I'm not really sure if there is such thing as an "easy" mole recipe. I had the opportunity once to see the whole process . . . Oh, darn! That's the most complex sauce I've ever seen in my life! I'll try to synthesize that in one of the first posts.Sriracha is the garlic chili sauce that has been fermented and crushed. 

Their Sambal Oeleck is better than both anyway. Upvote for Futurama reference no one else gotI thought I had provided the ingredients and recipe, but looks like it didn't appear! There are no photos of me making the actual cake either because I made them at work.

Here it is - 

Ingredients

200g caster sugar
200g butter (softened)
200g self-raising flour
4 eggs
200ml double cream
Icing sugar
Cranberry sauce
1tsp. vanilla extract
Milk

Method

- - - pre-heat the oven to 180 degrees/gas mark 6

1) in a large bowl 'cream' the butter and sugar with an electric whisk until light and fluffy.

2) in a small bowl whisk the eggs. Add all of the egg a little at a time to the creamed butter and sugar, all the whilst whisking with the electric whisk.

3) once mixed, sift the flour into the mixture and 'fold' it in/mix it together using a spatula. Add a tiny splash of milk if you have to.

4)  add one teaspoon of vanilla extract. Keep folding the mixtures with a spatula.

5) line 2 circular baking tins/sandwich tins with baking paper. Evenly divide the mixture between the two, spreading the mixture around with the spatula (don't keep patting it down/flattening it)

6)  place in the oven and bake for 20 minutes. Use a skewer to check if it is done.
7) (the icing) in a separate bowl add the double cream and one tablespoon of icing sugar. Whisk for 1-2 minutes with an electric whisk until it holds its shape and thickens.

8) once complete, remove the two tins from the oven. Remove the cakes and place on a cooling rack to fully cool. Make sure they are fully cooled/'stone' cold.

9) once cooled, spread the icing on one of the cakes and jam on the other (I used cranberry sauce). Alternatively, you could make a coulis and drizzle that over one of the cakes or on top of the icing.

10) sandwich the two cakes together. Sift icing sugar on top and serve.

edit - formatting

Chipotle =/= texmexWhen I read the title to this post I thought it was yours! Always considered you one of the best sources on authentic Mexican in the sub. Twisted Root has been wildly inconsistent for me. Some days their burgers are cooked fine, but most days it's well done and dry. I'd suspect the reason Twisted Root failed was because there were so many superior burger places already in Austin. Hopdoddy is the king of burgers for me, and they're always consistent. I've been looking for an easy mole recipe for a long time.  I need some mole.  I'm recently compiling lots of recipes with my family and really wanted to know if some extra effort would be worth it, since I'm going to include cultural and natural context for the recipes. It's been only 2 hours, but I'm hyped now.Just a simple steak seasoned with salt and pepper and grilled to medium.  Served with mushrooms, baked potato and broccoli and cheese.And packets of peanut butter stolen from the caf at breakfast.I like your style!You're going to sell your high-value, high-quality phone that will last several years so that you won't have to eat ramen for what, maybe a couple weeks? Right. Priorities.Yes, please do.
I am considering in including a map and some cultural context. Tex-mex has really nothing to do with recipes from Veracruz or Oaxaca.

Some recipes are what grandma, mom and aunt have taught me; I recently told them about this to clarify everything and share the best recipes with all of you. Some other recipes are from little towns where I've had the fortune to stumble upon and meet women from there. Most of them were very happy to share the recipes and talk about stuff, I really appreciate those experiences.Kudos to him. I feel like a granola bar would be dinner most of the time. Sure. Not sure why you posted asking.My family grew up in Boston's North End (all Italian section) &amp; I'm All Italian ...Why so? Are hard boiled eggs ruined?Unless the bleed is near the end of your digestive tract, blood will come out black. So instead of red shits they'd be black in most cases. No ass cancer, yay!What village is this? Manhattan?Also, I find the egg works better if you add chicken or vegetables too. Egg plus noodles alone sometimes doesn't fully dissolve for some reason.I think its a great idea, Mexican food is the best... but I'm biased since I'm Mexican :) 

What part of Mexico will the recipes be from?  I think you might have a slight problem with people getting Tex-Mex (which is also freaking delicious) and Mexican getting mixed up, throw in regional dish differences and you might have a bit of a mess.You have a website I can buy it from? Looks amazing, I'm in. awfully big man to say thatYo can get Sriracha really cheap at H-Mart. I don't know why it's so expensive at normal grocery stores.Grandma's really know how to cook delicious meals. Forget about fancy stuff, food that makes you feel in home can't be beaten.Does it have a rooster or a goose on it? The one near me only has flying goose brand. Sriracha has some kind of "cool" factor going for it right now, but I find Cholula is a lot more versatile and has a better flavor overall. I only use Sriracha on asian noodles."like never not" replace with always.I'm trying to get my family to eat more vegetables, so we're doing the "meatless Monday" thing. Because the wife and child are picky eaters, I have to pick some really flavorful dishes in which they won't miss the meat.

So, if you and the date like Mexican food, I strongly recommend some corn and black bean quesadillas. The recipe I used is on Cook's Illustrated's site, so I don't think I can link to it (password protected), but there are plenty of recipes out there. It's easy and full of flavor, especially when served with some fresh guacamole (which is also easy to make).you look vileWe do have it here, it's just not particularly good/popular/cheap. There seems to have been an explosion in the number of places to get burritos, and recently the first Chipotles opened up in England. They weren't very good though, and very expensive, think I remember I paid around 7 ($11) for one.Those look wonderful!!! I always melt a little white chocolate and then drizzle that over the top. That little extra step makes them look store bought and impresses people even more! Mostly because you can only purchase 1 variety of garlic in most stores. Elephant garlic isn't true garlic but if you include that then 2 varieties. Pad kee mao is the superior pad anyways. Pad thai is for the poverty people.yes, please.back in the day (1998), maruchan were 10 for $1 and top ramen were 4 for $1.  not sure about today.  probably $1 for one:( I would definitely go with my wife at $125 and it's a no brainer at $74. $225 is tough though for each person. Looks like I might have to try elsewhere. I wanted to head to NYC to see that new Larry David play and figured this would be a good place to catch lunch or dinner. Too rich for my blood.TIL there are different kinds of garlicI would love a recipe for albondigas soup!Just kill them. Problem solved and then you'll have their stash. I hate name brands, not one in my house for anything. Finding small company products at health food stores or online is the only real way to enjoy good quality food.You are thinking middle of nowhere Canada. $9 for a sandwich that leaves you hungry is a pretty bad deal just about anywhere from a food truck.Can you explain this a little better maybe? Getting sick from meat usually results from cross contamination. Bacteria being deposited after food has been cooked, like if someone doesn't wash their hands often enough. Or if you don't reheat food to a high enough temp. A high bacterial count on meat pre-cooking  means the meat has been stored improperly. If you cook the hell out of it though it will kill most anything. However there are toxins that can be produced by bacteria/fungi that will survive heating. Parasites also die at certain temps freezing works too I think, but heat definitely. If you get your meat from a proper butcher it is actually pretty clean as beef can be eaten raw (beef tartare is really good)  and there is a place in japan that serves raw chicken. It's all a matter of how it's handled. It's treated so severely because it is better safe than sorry.[Generic](http://www.fuelyourbranding.com/files/generic_cola_cans_1980s.jpg)  [private label](http://images.sodahead.com/polls/002262731/1043102296_5820595348_572c6c6f61_xlarge.jpeg)Any suggestions for some dishes? On the priority list is *pescado a la veracruzana* but I've seen so many recipes, each with some of their own that it will be hard to process in a single post. But I'll try my best.Back when I went it was $125. They had a 4 course option at $74. Seems like they changed it now to $225 for lunch and dinner now. Shame :/ that's a pretty penny. 

http://blogs.villagevoice.com/forkintheroad/2012/05/photos_lunch_at.php
Fuck. I live in China and ramen is more expensive here than there. It's like 40 cents a bag. Granted, it's a helluva lot tastier.Please do it! :) I love Mexican food, and I love cooking which means I'd totally try your recipes! Why do I need to?Why so much hate on Imgur? Oh right because most of them are fucking assholes.Exactly this is my objective; grandma/home-feel style. Mole is on the priority list, it is one of the best sauces ever conceived.Most offbrands are repackaged namebrands.  This happens because the factories have excess capacity that can be purchased.  The manufacturer still makes a profit, just less than what they would make on their own name brand.

Example:
General Mills makse cereal and has the factory open for one shift: 8-5. Any retailer with a store brand, say, Walmart, Aldi, etc. Offer to take the excess capacity of the night shift.  As is, the factory is making zero dollars during night shift while being shut down.  This is not helping pay off their machinery. By partnering to produce more product, everyone wins.  Of course, this is why off-brand product isn't always consistent, as they can be switching manufacturers based on who has excess capacity.

It's common at sugar factories to see 5+ different brand bags at the end of the same line.
However, I do know that Coca Cola changes the formula for the off-brand products it manufactures.

**TL,DR:** Store brand ~= name brandSo is it good or...?http://i.imgur.com/6AY3zkx.gifYou're on! Prepare to host reunions every weekend, your friends and family are gonna love this.Nope, if you want the yolk to be uncooked, it doesn't take a long time at all. Remember that it's like, over 212 degrees. It is probably easier in a food processor. I should try mine, it's a cheap black and decker model so I'm curious about that too.I hate all 3 of my roommates, but the airhead one who makes peanut butter ramen noodles is the absolute worst. It smells DISGUSTING for days afterward (they don't do their dishes either).The issue is he is a Chef first and a buisnessman second. For him serving the best quality product is more important than serving one of an acceptable quality at a more accepted price.If you ever cook any single egg for more than 60 seconds, you're ruining the eggWhat did I just watch.White boy calling in from the frozen north of Canada, needs proper Mexican food or certainly death is imminent. Mexican food is the absolute best! I want your recipes! I go to Toronto regularly and can pick up any crazy Mexican ingredients you suggest! Do This.I think this depends on the area.  In Jacksonville, FL a food truck is generally a relatively higher-end place to eat lunch, with fresh ingredients and specialty menu items.  Most have a ca $10/meal price point.  But you're right that this is a marketing issue, and I think pointing this out on a yelp review could help establish that brand ("expensive, but high quality").It's not bad. Better with some green onions, chicken, and a bit of sesame oil thrown in.Maybe, I don't know, but personally I'm not a fan of nongshim or any of the others, its all about Maruchan in my house.that looks vile.

If the water's boiling, it cooks very very quickly.yeah.. i get that winndixie brandYeah there are a few Mexican places some good some bad. Probably not as good as the U.S. though! We do however have hundreds of different types of foods done extremely well... Just not my road we have, indian, Italian, French, Korean, Chinese, Turkish, greek, Persian, african, Jamaican, Japanese and obviously english.
I love curries and I've heard there not that great in the US. 
Edit: forgot to add... Thai, Vietnamese and Mexican(not that great)Same with beet juice, but its red out both ends so....Yes please.Ooo that's brilliant. I wonder if my food processor is powerful enough to do that. Not just for college either!! this stuff rocks!   I would add some frozen vegies in for the kids, they loved it!

  Seriously, whats not to love?I call it my burning ring of fireclearly you've never had my dad's patented fire shit chile.Badia for those that like it a bit less sweet.only way to go, love the spice babyFairbanks? Never figured out why Thai food was so popular there, but damn do I miss it sometimes.no onions in Pad Thai[http://i.imgur.com/0306pmI.jpg] (http://i.imgur.com/0306pmI.jpg)Nah&gt; mine are a little wispy around the edges and might have stuck to some noodles.

They're using fresher eggs than you is my bet. The fresher the egg, the better the membranes hold together, the nicer the poach.I substitute popcorns for ramen and it tastes just as disgusting. Do it. Do it now!!I ate like a fucking king in college for like nothing. This isn't about being poor. It's about being lazy.Actually, I find peanut butter with sugar isn't really useful for cooking, especially for this stuff. Throws the whole taste off.seems disingenuous to use a 4x metric for restaurants to calculate price for a food truck when the whole stinkin point of a food truck is you have lower costs than a restaurant.

guy's not complaining about ordering a $9 sandwich at a sit down restaurant, he's complaining about getting it at a food truck.

No. The reviews are from people who have 0 idea of what they are talking about. Jason addresses the concerns and negative feedback by breaking down everything one needs to know in order to understand how it works. 


Now you can say, "Oh boy am I hungry. I don't want a high end sandwich that is made with actual food though. I think I'll go to the dollar menu." 


Leaving a bad review when you don't even understand what you are talking about is very popular and this guys LIFE can be shut down because people love doing it. Makes them feel special.I think America has a much wider variety of food than most countries (at least in larger metroplexes), because of the diversity. I had a friend who lived in London for awhile and she said it was impossible to get a good plate of Mexican food there. Since Mexican is my favorite food in the universe, that's a deal-breaker for me right there. I do this but instead of siracha I use BBQ sauce.what about the peanut butter!!?!?!?!?! you forgot the peanut butter!!  whyyyyyyy!?&gt; in my fridge.

It doesn't need refrigeration. Sodium bisulfite and potassium sorbate will take care of the nasties if you want to save the fridge space for leftovers.Mmmmm, meaty salt gargle.Philadelphia. Acquiring ingredients shouldn't be too troublesome. Would love to hear some alternatives, in case I want to change it up a bit.If you read what I typed, there may be a serious tone, but not angry. Care to contribute to the actual subject of the conversation?I didn't actually make me cry but two meals I have never forgotten are these:

Having kibbeh nayeh for the first time at a random Lebanese restaurant in London on vacation with my family probably 15 years ago now. The server asked 3-4 times if I was sure I wanted it. I guess Americans don't usually order it, because he kept checking to make sure I knew it was raw. 

The other was more recent at woodberry kitchen in baltimore. Their steak tartare appetizer was absolutely the best I have had. Perfectly seasoned with just a little salt and a raw egg yolk on top. 

I guess you could say I have a thing for raw beef. I think they have a poor diet and thus weird shit.

No, s/he means THIS [chili garlic sauce.](http://www.amazon.com/Huy-Fong-Vietnamese-Chili-Garlic/dp/B0006SKCVI)

It's like 100x more delicious than Sriracha.&gt; $2000 

 One Starbucks latte per day for a year, according to dictionary of numbers.

So no, you don't have anything to back it up?The world is full of people who can't enjoy spicy food without acting superior about it. Your body probably reacts differently to spiciness than others do. It's really not a big deal.Hey OP, I signed up for this /r/freebies about a month ago. This looks awesome!Why does this make you so angryI agree. If I want to basically add hot sauce to something already made, I use sriracha. If I'm cooking, I'm more likely to use the garlic chili sauce.Logs of ground turkey are $1.50 a pound, at places like Costco and Save-A-Lot, and they sometimes put them on sale for 99 cents. 

This. I eat more hot food than a normal person should. Literally eat chilis as a snack. I ate a whole big bag of those (was high), even though not hot compared to real peppers/sauces, it gave me the worst fire shits of my life the next day, made me cry. It looked like my shit was covered in the powder. Never again. It's a little offensive to call this stuff pad thai, not because it's college cheap, but because peanut is the wrong flavor. It's just kind of ignorant, like calling udon pho. It has nothing to do with the quality of ingredients, it's the naming.You forgot the egg!! Crack it in when there's still boiling water and scramble that motherfucker for extra protein.Right! You gotta use the government brands from the food bank. Beef salad: http://imgur.com/ccZnePR  

Fish Cakes: http://imgur.com/ZhOFobI  

Green Curry: http://imgur.com/YyA3Hue,2Oy06h7,C9dMw60  

Musamam Curry: http://imgur.com/RQkdL6c,jX1RUTI  

Green Papaya salad: http://imgur.com/OPNYnSy,MjMnvhy  

Red Curry Paste: http://imgur.com/wwwohNE  

And finally, the best of them all - Pork Satay: http://imgur.com/Tg0Vt3m,6CbQwQV  

With all the Pad Thai fuss going on, I though I'd finally get round to sharing these. I spent a great day at this guy's house, with his family, cooking on the floor. We took a trip to the market, then came home and tried a bunch of recipes. At the end, we got this book, and honestly, the recipes are better than half the stuff you get from Thai restaurants. The satay will blow anything you've ever had out of the water. He's still there apparently - a really nice dude.  

It was here that I learned one of the most important principles of cooking: in Thai cuisine, you need to balance sweet, salt, acit, and heat (chili). With the possible exception of the heat bit, this principle applies to virtually any dish. I've found that if a dish is lacking something, a splash of vinegar / lemon / line will often transform it. Don't be afraid to add a bit of sweet to savoury dishes, or salt to sweet ones, either. I've actually made it with my Vitamix, it's awesome to have fresh PB.Well, I no longer indulge in that "delicacy", but the college years were not the time to be selective.  At the time meat sticks were far more expensive.  Oh, and they make me sick.  Way too much salt.  In fact, I never used the flavor packets in the ramen for that reason.How to make it:

http://imgur.com/a/VHbxD

The original recipe uses meat instead of Leberkse and beef broth instead of vegetable broth.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gaisburger_Marschhttp://i.imgur.com/YrR9lYI.gifYes pleaseOh, okay thanks. :)It's not about the genuineness. He means that pad thai isn't a proper name for this. It should be spicy peanut noodles or whatever. The flavors of these ingredients, cheap college style or not, don't resemble the cheapest form of any pad thai.post Mole recipes and like traditional grandma/abuela recipes of different things most non-mexicans would not knowMake sure to get the packets, don't mess with that cup stuff. I feel like they don't put enough seasoning in that one. Stuff is spicy mmmWell valentine's day *is* coming up...Sounds like you guys need a support group.What's the ratio?I'm not Mexican, but as far as I'm concerned ramen comes in one flavor: Tapatio.Some people like putting the egg at the beginning which is what most people might initially think of when egg in ramen. Imo, the trick is lowering the heat to a simmer the minute or two then gently cracking the egg in there so you poach it instead of dissipating it in the soup.Do you ever get the peanut butter from Whole Foods or similar stores that comes straight out of a peanut grinder? OMG. SO GOOD. I don't really like the jar natural stuff with the oil that separates and needs to be kept in the fridge.. but the super fresh stuff is perfect and doesn't separate at all. Tastes just like peanuts. My thoughts exactly.I think its a special way to cook your noodlesI'm from Thailand and I don't know this is called Pad Thai, it's different from where I live. Add some white pepper, soy sauce and an egg or two and you're sorted.That's exactly what is hope for. My italian grandmother wouldn't approve of all my recipe modifications but for the most part they are all hers from the old country and that makes them the best in my mind. Do you actually have people pming you rap music? Like just artists they like?Wait, is this actually good?You only cook the eggs for 30 seconds? Aren't they like... raw?That's noodles with satay sauce, not Pad Thai.That would be nice. Make sure to include what region the recipes are from, so that I and other Mexicans don't blast you for having different recipes than those from the ranch we grew up in.;) I'll cover the basics too, from how it should look like or how to know if you are doing it right to how to chop the vegetables for better results or how to choose the proper ingredients. Grandma, mom and aunt approved.Is it any good, did anyone try it?Uh, yeah. I thought there was just the one and only.That's how my grandma died.This isn't even close to the name pad thai... and I'm not talking about quality of ingredients because I understand that this is supposed to be cheap, but this is way different from the cheapest pad thais. Pad thai does not have any form of peanut sauce cooked in with it. This is like calling a pack of instant ramen pho.Well that was rude! The ones I made are more like Yum Yums here in the UK. Less dense and more chewy. To be honest though, any paczki is better than no paczki.Yeah, I think this is a marketing issue.  People generally expect food from food trucks to be cheap.  

Based on the ingredients he's using, what this guy is selling is closer to high-end restaurant-grade food.  If he'd sold the same sandwich in a trendy upscale restaurant, I doubt he'd get the same complaints.Adorable and simple!You mean "homemade diabetes."I have tried this "college pad Thai".  It is pretty good!  But then again I love sriracha on almost anything.  iheartsriracha.  i went to Twisted Root (the one in Roanoke) maybe 5 years ago.  I wasnt too impressed. but i never went back. ive heard some people really like it. i think theyre opening one up in Austin.  (EDIT - just looked and they had an Austin location that closed after like 6 months. weird... but theyre opening up a new one in a different location in the next few months... and its location is like a 1/4 mile from HopDoddy. Good luck with that one. )

My favroite burgers in DFW were all on the FW side cause thats where I lived: Lilli's Bistro, M&amp;O Station, Rodeo GoatSeriously can't tell you how excited I am for real mexican food recipes.  I'd even love it if you'd go through the basics too. I try making my own tortillas but they never turn out quite right. I had a woman make ceviche tacos for us after we built her a house and they were absolutely to die for. Never had anything like it and can never recreate it right myself. The $3 per hour he pays himself is questionably a poor business decision but I find it challenging to shit on his business model completely. 

The first thing he might do is set customer expectations on what he is offering so clients know up front he is establishing a niche of a higher end product. This distinguishes himself from those looking for cheap bulk. The second thing would be to actively solicit feedback at the POS, in hopes to avoid the verbal vomit which so often ends up on Yelp.

He's clearly passionate about his product but the last thing I would do in his situation is engage a client in an Internet fight.

Also, Yelp sucks.

I'll have to try that recipe. I was surprised the one I used called for so much egg yolk. They tasted more cakey than ones at the Polish deli, but still delicious. Cholula never really struck me. I like Franks for a hot sauce, and the spicy cock sauce (..sriracha) for a more paste like, milder, heat.

I use their chipotle or garlic flavors when I'm making eggs because it adds a little flavor, and I don't need to salt the eggs, but I've never really thought 'this needs Cholula' either.

I'm in Texas, though, so maybe that changes my perception of hot sauces?Wow, I didn't realize there were so many kinds of garlic! Nope, $3.89 for me.Also pretty good on nachos, though I don't know if you Brits eat thoseAll these people who love sugar were fed wrong as kids. My mom was so strict and I hated it then, but I love it now! Sugar, with the exception of brownies, cookies, and chessecake, is prettty disgusting. Natural PB for me, and Coke if I am absolutely craving pop-- Which is rare. I actually make a fancier poor man's version.  I use fettucine noodles, sriracha, peanut butter, fresh ground ginger, some minced garlic, soy sauce and sesame oil and I top it with scallions.  How sweetI thought sriracha is garlic chili sauce?chefs gotta be a little more cutthroat and piratical, i think, to survive. $9 will buy you a lot of different sandwiches...for $9 i think i can get a hardee's monster thickburger with fries and a coke. why the fuck would anyone spend $9 on a bahn mi sandwich? just because the name sounds exotic? maybe the owner should hype the quality more. that being said i've never been to portland and never had a food truck bahn mi sandwich. but, i have worked at a very popular restaurant that hyped their suppliers and made enough to expand, give the employees health insurance, and offer profit sharing (and this was in 2008). again, i have no idea about this guy's advertising. maybe his truck is full of it. in the end, though, it's better to be up front about the quality of your food from the get go than to use said quality as a defense mechanism when some aspect of your business comes into question. i understand jason's yelp response (any cook worth his salt is fiercely proud of their dish, if they've given a shit at all about it), but it comes across as a kind of holier-than-thou "fuck you, i'm the fucking chef and i'll do what i want" response to the customer. from what i've watched of bourdain's no reservations trip to portland and a smattering of portlandia episodes, it seems like portland is full of foodie types. which is fine. but chef, c'mon man, quit whinging.  I'd say it's more people see 'OMG COCONUT SUGAR' and just downvote because most of us are fucking tired of that shit.

Just like my friends going on long rants about how evil GMO crops are, and how evil BPA is, and how great Paleo is, and did you know that they're doing Crossfit, and using kettlebells, and etc.

Sugar is, for the most part, sugar.  How much sriracha and peanut butter do we put in? I'm at work and imgur is blocked so cant open the linkBetter the vegan in my dorm who *would* use the chicken flavoring packet.Yeah, it's either the emulsifying salts or you just not being good at sealing them - who knows. It's not just the egg. It's egg and Sriracha. I'm not entirely sure, but they are mesoamerican so, they are common for most of Mexico and Central America. I will write this in my to-share list.Battered fish - mix it in with the tartar sauce.Peanut butter is packed with nutrients! It's saving [starving children in Africa](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plumpy%27nut), you monster! Yeah I did this out of my own accord a couple weeks back and my flatmates are still giving me shit about it. This is a last resort not something you planI made these (http://www.mojewypieki.com/przepis/paczki-przepis-iv) ones last night/this morning. So light and delicious.Where are you from? I want to consider this because in Mexico getting your hands on some vegetables or spices isn't hard but it may be in other places around the world. So, I want to -also- give some substitutions for hard-to-get ingredients.Are pupusas Mexican?sounds really soothingI can assure you I'll post the most relevant recipes and I'll try to give some substitutions for ingredients. Here in Mexico basically every single vegetable or spice is available (we have climates that suit very well to the requirements of several plants) so it isn't a problem but I think it may be in other places around the world. Thanks for your response!You can't go wrong with a plate of Sauerbraten, Kle, and Rotkohl. That's a basic, hearty, traditional dinner. You can find a ton of recipes here: http://www.chefkoch.de/rezepte/

Schnitzel is kind of a cop out. Yeah, it's German, but it will always be overshadowed by Wiener Schnitzel.Please do!They look almost almost like snickersS. And, assuming it's like my dorm was, that one building has about a thousand residents.As someone who is not Mexican, and loves Mexican food, yes.For some reason the Mango Habanero makes it twice as worse coming out than it is going down. That's the only time I actually sat on the toilet with tears in my eyes and covered in sweat. You can literally feel your body go through shock as you are shitting. I'm sure to have all my clothes off and a cool shower running when I have spicy shits so I can just finish up on the john and jump right into a cool shower to cleanse myself and cool down. &gt;It's all about priorities.

And they have different priorities than you do I guess. 
"Oooof" was the sound that came out of me.  I'm off to lunch now.That's not the issue with it though.Good points. It was interesting to read the breakdown of his costs. What I gathered from his breakdown is he desires to be more of a higher-quality, higher-end sandwich maker and using more expensive ingredients as a result.

If that is his niche then maybe part of the problem is setting customer expectations via branding/signage, "We may cost a little extra, but we're worth it" or something. That way, when some tubby neckbeard shows up looking for a pile of cheap food, he can read the sign, move on, and waddle on down to Subway.Yes please. I love me some mexican food and can never find the real stuff where I live. 

Uses to go down to Tijuana consistently and would love getting street food so recipes and the right way to make it would be amazing. I need those recipes!!!**Very honest question** ^^Probably ^^stupid ^^too ^^^sorry. Isn't milk almost 10$ in Alaska?      
    
Edit : FormatNot sure but Top Ramen is the cheapest by me (with Maruchan coming in a close second).My only problem is I think I'd miss the more "fancy" Pad Thai that I make at home right now.Add a little sliced green onion and curry powder, you got yourself a feast.Food can't be authentic outside its originYou are cleared for take off.Did you make these?My phone won't stop playing this at work, I backed out and everything. 
I'm just gonna roll with it and hope it's a quick songLol I made Pad Thai in county jail like this. No sriracha but you could get the chili ramen, and I'd put some crushed peanuts in it (you crush them by punching them against the wall) and butter saved from breakfast.If this represents the amount of effort you're willing to put into your meals, then just buy instant pad thai. It'll save you even more cash and contain the same amount of nutrition and taste.I'm concerned about how this post got more upvotes than the guy who posted an entire album of an NYC culinary trip...Came here to say that, also green onions and fresh herbs.You spoiled his joke : /Its still a jar of corn syrup...&gt; A sculpture of an anus should be made into chocolate. It just made some sort of poetic sense.

That kind of goes without saying. I thought you were being genuine. Have an up arrowYeah food snobs. That's it. Their standard is just too high. In a place for discussing food.Which GMO are you talking about though? Take corn for example. When this is modified to resist insects, a new type of corn has been developed. So what you're saying is that this needs to be studied, and it will be, as all foods generally are. But studying this one food won't show the effect that even a single other GMO will have in the human body.

I guess I just found the wording of your statements inflammatory and a little lacking in understanding when you say "GMO consumption". You're not consuming GMOs, you're consuming a new food (well, you are consuming GMOs, but these two are the same thing).Out pregnant each other, what is this, high school?Where are you pulling that number from? If he did all this in 2 days, sure. But if he was the 4-5 days and hit these very expensive places over the course there's no wayYes, as I stated.  Although after reading it again, I can see where you might have thought I was being sarcastic.  I wasn't.  

I actually did mean that in some instances, undercooked pork can and will give a person diarrhea.  But no matter, you will not get trichinosis even if eaten raw.

It's not that it's not authentic. It's that it doesn't even resemble it. It's barely even food.That's discussed in Blink by Malcolm GladwellIs your username a play on Portugal. The Man?  Because they are also from AlaskaI have also only just discovered this awesome stuff. Got the real thing at my local ethnic marketI'd only be the happiest person ever if this happened.Australia here, wow you can buy edible things for under a dollar?&gt; Which was a reply to your opener "I'm an MD"

Which was a counterexample to someone's suggestion that only people without STEM degrees question GMOs, not an appeal to my authority.

&gt; You still aren't acknowledging the main point

You aren't acknowledging the point that the risk is not equal, since genetic modification is a new technology.Yes, please.Skippy or Jif "natural" versions are by far the best.  They're a fraction of the sugar, but they add palm oil to keep it from splitting.  So you end up with something that tastes like a natural peanut butter that doesn't separate.  Very tasty.  I think my parents each got around $2000 last year for living in Alaska. Sure it's free money but it's not that much. Though they can also pick (dip-net) 50ish free salmon out of the local river every season. You don't have to go there if you think $9 is too expensive. Ground beef? You can afford that? 

Cut up store brand meat sticksAlso took a 3 day Denali cruise to see the glaciers and wildlife...that was a choppy ass boat ride, but the salmon bake was delicious. 
Why?It can overpower a dish very quickly. It bugs the shit out of me when people add it to Pad Thai because the flavors are so delicately balanced. A perfect blend of salty, sweet, and spice then some asshole comes along and squirts half a container of Sriracha in there and proceeds to mix it all together. Why don't you just make pasta and add Sriracha to it at that point? Are a food truck burrito last week, came out of me like lavaWhat, is the Queen coming to dinner?I thought all of them were FoodMaxx now?Need sugar to balance things out bruh.Thanks for the recipe. They look delicious. Thanks they look awesome. I love trader joes but theirs is disgusting, runny and sweetAs a guy in WA, my wife worked in Anchorage for 6 months.  When I went up to visit, I thought it was pretty awesome up there.  I saw kids playing Quidditch in the park...yes...quidditch.  I had some awesome sushi and a lot of pretty good meals while there.  I would say Alaska is definitely a great place to visit.

because of the circlejerk mentality around lots of things on reddit[Right here](http://www.walmart.com/ip/Maruchan-Instant-Lunch-Flavor-12-Ct-Chicken-36-Oz/10450904)Sweet everyone should move to Portland!Yes. Just do it. Cock sauce is the best! I put it on ev-ery-thing.yup, misread the pint, i concede Boneless is more expensive. Let me break it down for you...You my friend have forgotten waterhahahahahahahahahaha This actually looks better than the ultra-pretentious image this is based on!Did you hear about the Italian chef that died? He pasta way. No wine actually! Tomatoe paste, Plum tomatoes, Tuna and Baby Clams, then anything else you like in your spaghetti sauce (onions, garlic, parsley, chili peppers). The tuna is the key.&gt; No sorry, fire shits are not a thing. 

I once skipped Hot and went straight to Native on the Thai heat scale.  It hurt going down and it hurt coming out.  Fire shits ain't no joke. American Cheese due to it's emulsifying salts absorbs the blood/water out of the burger causing it to become more and more liquid so basically if the juicy sits too long (2 days) the cheese starts to turn liquid and leak through even the tiniest of cracks.American Cheese due to it's emulsifying salts absorbs the blood/water out of the burger causing it to become more and more liquid so basically if the juicy sits too long the cheese starts to turn liquid and leak through even the tiniest of cracks. Considering this was maybe 5-10 burgers combined out of a batch of 200. not bad. plus i didn't make the originals. However sealing this monster was not easy because cheese was mixed in with the meat.Yeah but that dish in the video still ain't even fucking close to pad thai.Don't tell me I can't polish my own shit. Who the fuck do you think you are mate?I am a peanut butter aficionado, and my two favorite brands came down to jif natural and skippy natural. I think that skippy natural is just a tad better than jif. But you lived to tell the tale! Similar thing happened when I was told no one could take three shots of this habanero vodka (the habanero were soaked forever in this stuff). A buddy and I did the first, I did the second solo, and the vodka provider did the third with me. I tried to do a fourth, but they wouldn't let me. I think they didn't want someone to break the record, but they saved the dorm bathroom, because nuclear was the only step up from my shits. Where I'm from, that is a slaw dog.You have to try them. They are amazing!Couldn't agree more.  Not to be a snob, but this is college pad thai is not even close to pad thai, it's missing some key ingredients.  Surprised this isn't the top comment. This really belongs in /r/shittyfoodpornNot in my area of the boonies.This isn't a good comparison. They're very different, sugar content aside. Anybody that drinks soda can tell the difference between coke and Pepsi. Coke makes my teeth hurt; like I'm chewing on tin foil. I actually bet this would be pretty tasty.Indeed. Using huy fong in a Thai dish that is looking for something more like sharks is going to be severely lacking in the garlic departmentThat looks great I was about to say the same thing happened to us.  I think it's because we lived in Atlanta.Probably because I live it Atlanta, but when did that in class, all ~25 students picked coke.If I was having to eat ramen because I had no money, I would sell my iPhone. Using a $100 Moto G won't kill you. It's all about priorities.Eggs, sour cream, hot sauce.Not to keen on the smokey taste, I prefer the original and chilli &amp; garlicnow THAT's some funny shit right there. YepThis looks like a Chopped episode.http://imgur.com/4anudZm Among all the shit in this sub, finally, something that looks great.I zoomed in, it says 2.98 per pint. 23.89/8 = 2.98625.http://www.howsweeteats.com/2012/01/homemade-snickers-bars/Texas pretty much sums up the best parts of America, the rest doesn't really matter.why not just get peanuts. YOU FORGOT THE SOY SAUCE AMATEURClassic fat catWhat's your recipe?&gt;10/10 would nom again[1] 

11/10 with Spinal Tap.Why don't you make good Thai?[My grocer has instant pad thai](http://www.pr.co.th/img_product/icn/icn08_l.jpg)No, you keep those for cold and flu season.

Dump them into a mug of warm water with some hot sauce and soothe that sore throat.&gt; I'm just trying to find any excuse to shovel this stuff in my mouth.

Thats what she saidThat's suspect, that 2 is in a different font and the price below is 2.98  per quart 

Ditto. It's about a quarter per packet in Minnesota.

The lowest I've ever seen it was 15 years ago at ten cents a packet ON SALE.Are you talking specifically food carts or food trucks at 20-22%? I would think volume needs to be considered. Buying in bulk is the most effective way to reduce food costs. For a food cart, I would have to assume a much smaller storage footprint and therefore smaller bulk orders which will increase food cost. 

Larger storefronts generally have walk-ins and freezers and can get much better price discounts from vendors. So I'm a little skeptical of those numbers.

Source: I run a small place myself and we keep food costs at ~30%. Most of the other owners in my area run around 30% also.Peanut butter in ramen is actually amazing. If you add crunchy peanut butter while the ramen is still cooking, its REALLY good.This has nothing to do with Pad Thai. And it's actually quite cheap to make real Pad Thai, and it does not use peanuts. I see im not the only one who thimks so. I had an idea for a pepsi commercial back in the day where a person who reaches for a coke (such as at a gas station pit stop)on a daily basis, hesitates this time and grabs a pepsi instead. The theme or slogan for this comercial being along the lines of "when you need a break" or "even coke lovers need a break"Add one chopped carrot, one chopped piece of celery and one chopped piece of green onion while the ramen is cooking.

Once its ALMOST done, add 1 egg, and stir. Stir slowly until the egg cooks (should take about 45 seconds to 1 minute)

Prepare your tastebuds for awesome.Cholula and Tapatio are heavenly. I hope Tex-Mex becomes a thing in the UK, y'all deserve to live a little.How did you you reply to him? He disabled replies.I think it was like a gallon.

EDIT: http://i.imgur.com/LonyABw.jpgexcept if you put freaking corn syrup instead of actual sugar. I was dissapointed to have to drink pepsi in the states because Coke tastes funny.Yeah, but a foot-long hot pastrami should fill up a normal person (with maybe a bit left over).  If you paid $9.00 and didn't feel like your hunger was satiated wouldn't you feel negatively about your experience eating there?  The review clearly states that it was a small portion, and not the quality of the sandwich, that the customer wasn't satisfied with. You can never go wrong with Garlic. $25 for a bottle of OJ? It doesn't cost that much in the middle of nowhere either. 

Source: lives waaay out in the boonies.I prefer the chili ramen for my Pad ThaiI let it rest about 8 mins while I finished the vegetables If he's like me, it's the only brand available at stores. Here's is an Asian grocery store that probably has other brands nearby but I've never been in there.My keyboard is coverwd in drool.  Did you let it rest before you cut it?That's why I dont buy "generic" peanut butter. Peanut butter better be 100% Peanuts.To be fair, they are the poor ones. The parents that gifted them the iPhone are not.Don't forget curry!Is there a recipe for these?  Snickers are my favorite and these look amazing to me. Wait a minute, wait a minute . . . where are the crumbled wheat thins?!The cheap part isn't the problem, pad Thai is supposed to be cheap peasant food.  You can make college pad Thai.  This isn't it, because it is not remotely related to Thai food.  You might as well call it college spaghetti."Ramen again, I'm so poor!" - sent from my iPhone.

While not an exact quote, I knew so many of these idiots in college...Sriracha is pretty cheap. 4 for like a month's worth of spicy everything, if you buy extra hot, that is.I wanna try!!!!  I love all things hot sauce!
No it doesn't. Why does reddit have this attitude that everyone is dirt poor in collegeYep! The garlic chili sauce is way better. Just ran out!Because kids in college don't have fully functioning kitchensThat's just wasting underscoresIt's also four paragraphs/a novel to making the simplest meal possibleReminds me of when someone told me to try Beef Ramen with 2 mayo packets &amp; 2 Tapatio packets - a rich &amp; creamy, spicy noodle soup. Not too bad actually!I don't think anyone ever adds eggs for taste bro Chola Lula is the best. If I'm not doing salsa on my tacos I always reach for Lula.at least buy real peanut butter. that fake shit is nasty. I honestly don't see the hype for it. It's kinda nasty IMO. Engineering school can be pretty tough. I'm sure I could easily have planned balanced meals for myself but there were definitely weeks where I was busy and didn't feel like fucking with it. No, that doesn't happen I hope you get a hemorrhoid so you can experience first-hand the reality of a fire shit.We had the foie gras appetizer with the maple syrup, whatever it was called.  Like 100 grams or something?  Incredible.

Then we had the guinea hen for two and it was seriously something special.  We were watching it being prepared in the big open kitchen (we sat at the bar, I guess) and literally for 15 straight minutes the cook basted the hen in a pan with melted butter.  Non-stop basting.  15 minutes.  

EDIT:  I was going to get the chicken in a can if I couldn't get my wife to do the Guinea Hen.  
It was sooooooooo good.  Saving for grocery shopping later Get your filthy sriracha away from my pad Thai. Gross This is NOT going to go well.  
  
There are a few more things that you'll need.  This is so disgusting If you live in a dorm, your cooking abilities are going to be severely limited. We had one stove for the entire building and basically no communal cookware. Most people move up to an apartment or house eventually, then your options expand beyond things you have to microwave. AKA prison Pad Thai...I will eat pretty much anything and like it.

But Peanuts/peanut butter in soup is not a good combo.[Thatsthejoke.png](http://i.imgur.com/tEjeMu8.png)  


---
^(*Feedback welcome at /r/image_linker_bot*)
Thatsthejoke.pngIsn't there an Alaska natives subreddit? i use both. the serve different purposes for me. WHY HAVE I NEVER DONE THIS!?Without smelling, your sense of taste is screwed up.Because they can't cook.to say he needs to practice at all puts undue weight on the situation. its cooking, unless someone ends up dead there is no way to fail. its cooking there is a huge amount of leeway for imperfection. This isn't fucking rocket science. 

NAME BRAND peanut butter? Well looky at Mr. Ivy League over here.I have to defend skippy. Settling is natural, just need to stir it up. Lived in the UK for a year, was devastated by the peanut butter there. indeed; these small pack usually contains between 50-75% of daily intake of sodium by itself and has basically not real nutriment.They're right, it's the most delicious instant ramen in existence! I like to beat an egg to toss in while it boils and eat the broth leftover after the noodles are gone with rice. Awesome!  Thanks!I never had a crab cake, it looks really interesting, reading the recipe it looks like I need to fry them, Could I have the same result baking them instead?They have a Chipotle Cholula that is to die for. Just amazing smokey taste with a kick of heat. It goes in every single pot of chili I make now! Practicing is the opposite of unneeded stress. That's why you practice. Unneeded stress is trying something for the first time and failing because you don't know how to cook. Did you actually read what OP said? He has no cooking skills at all. You must be a child because you certainly sound like one.Washable silicone paint. I want to get a back-splash made out of milk-glass but just haven't had the time to get that done.Looks nice, I love all seafood, how do you generally cook your Clam sauce with red or white wine?Yeah, I'd bet anything that both the Huy Fong name and the rooster logo are trademarked.Wtf - heating a Teflon pot till it smokes... stressing the importance of "cooking it atleast once first" sounds a lot like unneeded stress to me. 

and you're a pretentious, presumptuous prick. not everyones financial or life situation allows for the luxury of practicing every meal first. and to call me lazy or say that I've never tried to do anything special for anyone simply because I don't feel the need to practice first shows how small of person you are. I guess the people in my life just love me enough to not care about practiced perfection. Love the title "Gangnam Style" :)
by the way nice spaghetti bolognese too :)What a nice idea, I will immediately share it with my friends :)It looks like you don't have a back-splash? Do you not get grease all over your wall like that?I actually always buy generic peanut butter because Jif is to pasty and Peter Pan is too runny and you can't get Skippy anywhere.

I'd say it's just a matter of what you grew up with, but oddly enough I always had Peter Pan growing up. Anyway, my point is there's a lot of variation in peanut butter texture.As a former dining hall employee, I hate you.I think we all know that everyone making your tasty $4 bahn mi is related or working under the table in addition to sourcing ingredients from wherever. This guy is playing by the rules and providing quality ingredients. Eh.&gt; a while

like a month. that stuff needs to ferment. Where is this? Typical price for a Maruchan or Top Ramen in the midwest is 15-20 cents per pack in the multipacks, 25 cents individually.I actually didn't think much of Masa. I mean yes it's great sushi, but is it worth the $1000? Nah not really. (Ok it's less than $1000 but with liquor it easily gets there). Even if it were half the price I don't think it would be an experience worth raving about. I think my biggest gripe about the place aside from price, is that from a sushi perspective they stray from the pure edo-mae style sushi with fancy ingredients in order to justify the high price. Yes, I love truffles, foie gras, and Uni just as much as the next person but after a certain point it detracts from the essence of sushi which is fish and rice. Now that's not to say this type of sushi doesn't have its place in pushing the envelope, I just personally didn't think it was a great combination. Also, I didn't pay for the dinner (corporate expense) so one would think I'd enjoy it more but sadly I didn't. 

Finally, I loved Nakazawa when it first came to NYC but one thing that worried me when I last visited, was the over use of imported Japanese fish. Why is that a bad thing? Well I understand the appeal of getting fish from Japan when you're paying a lot, but that doesn't mean the fish is objectively better than a fish that was caught locally. Additionally, a lot of the flavor gets lost in transport so in essence you're paying for fish that isn't as flavorful but just more "exotic". I actually think the chef was forced to import the fish because of the expectations of his customers instead of some superior flavor. 

Really good edo-Mae sushi actually doesn't require super fresh fish, in fact a lot of it is aged a few days in order to develop nuanced complexities (much like aged steak). If you watched Jiro, you know the idea. So that being said, I really appreciated when Ichimura made it feel like the fish he chose was sourced because of it's flavor instead of it's exotic location. 

Yasuda in NYC I can't speak of because I haven't been, but the one in Japan was very very disappointing. Not to hate, but you know it means something when the chef has to simultaneously lower prices and cater to foreign clientele in order to stay alive. Frozen chili pops0.24 in NJ, I think 0.05 boy is exaggerating.... or maybe from the south.I support the frugaljerk movement. Only fat cats use underscores in subreddit names.egg some crack in there!Get the Wild sauce next time instead. Almost as hot as  Blazin' but with actual flavor and no shitty extract aftertaste. Would using chunky peanut butter instead work?So all the ridiculous prices I sometimes see online like $25 for orange juice, is that just in the middle of nowhere, or does stuff cost that much in Anchorage and Juneau?Great stuff.I'm sure there is a recipe out there too make sriracha roasted almonds.Yep, just not very much.Subway - mustard.  Taco Bell - hot sauce.  McDonald's - ketchup.  Hit the grocery store for some bread and you could make three different sandwiches.  Ugh, where was this last night when I needed it? I settled for pasta with canned tomato sauce..I don't know about the peanut butter but when I was in college the sushi place had various bottles of Sriracha sauce mysteriously go missing. There is nothing stressful about practicing something you are not good at. What makes it stressful is when you try something for the first time. You've obviously never tried to do something special for someone because you're too lazy to practice.This is date night dinner, not the wedding feast for the sultan of brunei. there is no need to do practice runs of dinner. just go for it. if it doesn't turn out exactly as you wanted/expected so what? just take note and make changes for next time. these are supposed to be fun dinners, not stressful events.Doing this test blindfolded and without smelling resulted in an entire group of people incorrectly identifying a clear soda as coke once. I think it was sprite they kept screwing up. 

It gets really funny to do those when they can't see the item or smell it.The only time I have ever experienced fire shits is when I have eaten from a takeaway or fast food, take out? They call it in the US or something. Usually something isn't being washed properly and the food isn't being taken care of properly. 


Never experienced fire shits from home cooking or restaurants, no matter how spicy. Yeah just an uncomfortable fiery feeling around my abdomen but no fire shits. 


This is likewise for many of my friends who somehow we have ended up with this conversation before. Bud this is nothing even close to pad Thai. The inspiration for this comes from Dan Dan noodles from the sichaun province of China.Sriracha makes scrambled eggs into the single greatest food item I can prepare in under half an hour. I have a bottle of that shit in the fridge at work too.Peanuts, butterNot horrible? Are you kidding me, they look delicious. Nice job :)I know this doesn't constitute a meal, but my sister bought me Sriracha popcorn; just when I thought I had seen it all... You never get good at something if you never practice.Anthony Bourdain and Andrew Zimmern regularly call food that they get from street stalls or hole-in-the-wall restaurants among the best dishes they've eaten, and they also eat at the world's best restaurants. Hmmm I don't think that's the reason Coke is more popular these days. It doesn't seem supported by the research. It also doesn't explain why Coke took such a big hit from Pepsi in the 80s, until after the [New Coke fiasco](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Coke). Marketing and culture seem to be the bigger culprits. 

There have been fMRI studies used to look at this, and as it turns out, when blinded to brand people prefer Pepsi/Coke about equally. Bring brand into it, and people prefer Coke, and it seems to activate brain areas we associate with higher brain functions and memory, while Pepsi only activates the reward-seeking areas.  

If you know you're drinking Coke, you actually will tend to prefer it, but the mechanism seems related to higher brain function than just basic rewards/pleasure seeking. 

http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0896627304006129

1 packet of ramen
1/2 of the seasoning packet
1/4 cup peanut butter
1 tbsp-ish sriracha

Cook the noodles normally, in a bowl mix everything else and add a few tablespoons of the boiling water. Mix the noodles in.
Grocery store "Krab" sticks, soy sauce packets, Sriracha = SUSHI NIGHT BABY!worrying about fucking up food is what takes the fun out of cooking food. just go for it, learn on the way.If to mix a bit of oil with shitty hard peanut butter you have something that honestly tastes better than the name brand stuff.Hey /r/shittyfoodporn is a great sub.Its far too sweet and mild Toad in the hole is sausages, gravy and vegitables in a Yorkshire pudding you heathen.The time to mess things up is when you're practicing.Agreed. I had an extremely  underwhelming meal at the old Ko. The hype around that place was absurd and it definitely did not meet my high expectations.

Meanwhile the few meals I've had at EMP are some of the best I've had in my life. You didn't miss much. ;)I had a red powerade go right through me.. thought I was dieing until remembered what I drankI hate to be that guy but this is more like Dan Dan noodles and nothing at all like Pad Thai. It's actually /r/Frugal_JerkI'm a public practice accountant.

25% food cost is actually pretty high. Most places target 20-22%. 33% food cost is ridiculous.Tesco value Diito. More circular logic please. Cite your sources too, you ve barely given a hint of your so called demolishing sources.

As far as im concerned you are both talking out of your ass as well as being unable to back your comments up with any time of hard evidence.

Just condescending and offensive comments with no substance.I disagree. be confident in the kitchen. try new things and don't be afraid of messing up.Doesn't it have a lot of vegetables in it? You usually won't find that many vegetables in a student's fridge, even if it's cheap.Hello? One bite for both? I bet you take the stairs when an escalator is available. ;DMy tesco does one with extra garlic, it's so good!!

Also go to the 'ethnic' bit as they usually sell bigger bottles for the same price :)I thought I had won a hot wing eating contest. it was not til the next day that I learned I had only won the battle, not the war. And Kroger has their own tooI'm definitely ricist.Walmart brand peanut butter is a little dry and not as creamy as Jif.  Peter Pan peanut butter has a weird consistency, not really a fan.  Skippy is good, although I don't think its as good as Jif Natural.  

For all my baking stuff I will buy generic, but for a peanut butter sandwich, I generally use Jif so I don't choke on it.   No no no... You need a sweet and sour juice. Just a couple tablespoons of orange or pineapple if tamarind isn't easy to find.Who knew people cared this much about Pad Thai hahanormally tamarind is rather sour, so I think it's rather for that taste component.[Like this but without all the garlic](http://www.31shots.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/grilled-tomatoes-with-garlic-1000w.jpg)&gt; I'm fairly confident that the food in the bottom left corner isn't tofu but a kind of fishcake thing, i'm not too sure what it's called but this is what it looks like http://farm5.static.flickr.com/4051/4544337541_5205762eae.jpg[1]   .


I'm pretty sure it's tofu, that fishcake thing is found in noodle soups etc, but I have never seen it in pad thai.Wow, way to nerdrage on a food post. I eat as close to this plate as I can every morning.Ice scream... Cock sauce... You're my favorite. LoooLCan you not call the UK England and vice versa please. You just come off as ignorant. I don't call the USA California, or Texas. England's part of the UK, not the whole of it.Much better.I don't know why but thinking about English people eating sriracha and cholula makes me so happy! Superb !! I liked this recipe, thanks for sharingDude. Did the same thing a few weeks ago. I struggled through those things, they're fucking hot! I'm usually the type guy that no matter the spiciness I'm shoving food down my gullet. Six of those fuckers took me 45 minutes to down! My girlfriend was shocked. Those fire shits the next day though, those were something else haha Nutella popcorn sounds great, what a great idea, I will definitely give it a go, love nutella :)But neither of those are high fructose corn syrup!?!?!?!?Never had peas in Carbonara, It looks like a good idea, nice to try :)Fucking REKTYup, ITT people who have never eaten Pad Thai. Funny thing is you can actually make something close to it with the right brand and flavour of instant noodle with a squeeze of lime, and as if it's THAT hard to get freaking peanuts. I love trying different kind of cousine, Never tried Polish food a part the polish sausages and they were so tasty, Love them :)Have you eaten pad Thai before OP? dude thats ricist Some of the few times I ever consider calling in sick to work are the days after I have had Blazin' Buffalo Wild Wings.  Me and the Lord have come to a few agreements on the toilet.If you get the fire shits, eat more chiles. 

It goes away.schnitzel and kasespaetzle (like german mac and cheese), you'd really have to try to mess these up. as far as having a spaetzle press, you don't REALLY need one. i've even made it with a colander when i was in a pinch. in fact, all you really need is a cutting board and knife to get the job done.&gt; authentic pad thai

unless you're in Thailand... it wont be authentic There you go... putting on airs.Ate too many off brand firehot cheetos when they were on sale and got the fire shits. Liquid squirts and it was red too, thought I had ass cancer till I remembered. Lotta food dye I guess.Mexicans know how to eat, dat obesity Got anything to back that up, because it sounds like BS. All joking aside...this little trick is not bad if u get the ratios right.ipad thigh? lime, cilantro, and soy sauce will kick it up a notch. Also, if you are feeling extra fancy, add some beef to it. My brother and I call it hobo pho. if you leave it in the sun for a while....&gt; Dunno what else OP put on them though, prob just salt and pepper

Near the end, sprinkle with breadcrumbs (though that's optional) and grated cheese. That's the original recipe.Or out pregnant craving each other. Bacon wrapped pickles?More like Jailhouse Pad Thai. Carefully. :P

If you're a little shaky on your hand like I am, take a small plate (that you're not too fond of), put the potato on it and cut. Make sure the knife is longer than the diameter of the plate, and then the edges of the plate should stop the knife before it cuts through the bottom. 

A similar trick is to put the potato between some matches or toothpicks, and cut down so that the matches/toothpicks prevents you from cutting all the way to the bottom. You get the best result if you cut off a part of the potato first so you get a flat bottom to start with. 

EDIT: Oh, /u/IPFreely already stated the same thing in another answer. I agree. So would many other people. It does in collegeIMO peanut butter should contain 2 ingredients: peanuts and salt.That depends ENTIRELY on your goals, and the dependence of your goals on a single classes grade.

I'd prefer to not put myself in a situation where you can't say "Fuck this shit" at least once in a while, to keep your sanity.Shit... Those are better ingredients than most Thai restaurants use. I'm 32. I'm pretty comfortable with my job, my income, and my situation. It is what I make it, and I'm aware of my ability to change it.

Can you say the same? Or do you prefer to make blind comments on the internet assuming things about other people?We've all been there! Mkay you prove my point exactly. What exactly are you trying to prove? You keep repeating the same circle jerk shit that I kept reading about and seeing demolished.

Like literally, the same old bs

Many individuals organizations and scientists. Like this carries meaning. It doesn't when it's not the right ones. Anyone can call themselves a scientist, form and organization, and many individuals are ill-informed (evidenced by my belief as well until I did the research)

Regulators and scientists recommending more test does not equate to "bad bad bad bad bad" this happens all the time

Previous workers of Monsanto... Like really I thought we talked about this already

Again, I don't know what you're trying to prove when I already told you. I looked at all this same crap you're saying and changed my mind. So if you're trying to change my mind with the same crap... Yah not gonna work. I'm not trying to convince you cause it's obvious you don't want too. So I understand what I say doesn't matter to you. I'm just genuinely confused why you're acting like what you're saying matters.


&gt;I was just responding to your own appeal to authority.

Which was a reply to your opener "I'm an MD"

You still aren't acknowledging the main point, which is that the assessed risks for any new GM cultivar are no different than any new conventional.  Yes, no evidence until there is, blah blah blah, yet another principle which applies equally to both GMOs and new conventionals.  So for the last fucking time, your initial assertion that the risk/benefit ratio of GMOs is unfavorable, is flat wrong.[Sure,](http://irregulartimes.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/02/krogerramen4.jpg) [no](http://www.babylovingmama.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/Target-Package-Comparison-Ramen-2.jpg) [problem.](http://irregulartimes.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/02/krogerramen1.jpg)Do you have no hands?you missed the point.Mind sharing your recipe? Unfortunately you are wrong about that.

What goes in must come out, and there is a limit to how much capsaicin oil your gut will process.  You don't have nerves in your gut.  

Think about that for a while.

I'm not joking about this, BTW.  It's serious.  You really, really don't want the Fire Shits.The original Thai sriracha is a little different from what you get in the bottles. Huy Fong (or whoever first created the version we have now) pretty much made a chili pepper sauce and named it after a different chili pepper sauce that already existed.

EDIT: They do use the Huy Fong version in Thailand as well, now.Reddit is full of these people who shit fire after the slightest bit of hot food, there's something wrong with them.

I love me some chilis, and I'm yet to have a "fire shit".SweetMy college roommate's diet consisted of this, a 30 pack of PBR, and the occasional head of iceberg lettuce. He claimed to be vegan. He wouldn't use the chicken flavoring packet, but instead uses soy sauce. I guess he wasn't wrong,It's college food mentality. One upping by getting by on the shittiest food possibleVery informative, thanks!Love that movie. Which part of it does this remind you of?it'd be neat to get a recipe of this to try making it myself. love me some kimchiThe pan is cast iron. I tested sous-vide vs. non-sous-vide and came to the conclusion that searing--&gt;sous-vide--&gt;searing is the best method flavor wise.We have Food4less in Portland Oregon also. Just don't call it Pad Thai.About ten years ago I used to dip almonds into Nando's peri-peri sauce. Spice and almonds, great taste combo.What a tragic loss for the country.Totally, dude. 20 baht on any street corner. I started drinking around noon that day, soo..... probably not :(Ok, add Korea to the list. I haven't seen any Cheddar in any European country I have been to though.Roast beef is pretty much unknown outside of the UK or USA. 

Gravy sauces originated in many countries, France is especially famous for it's sauce history. 

Mashed Potatoes are thought to have been "invented" by a french physician in 1771. On the other hand it is literally just a bunch of mashed potatoes, it's not really a recipe or anything.

That leaves Yorkshire pudding which is typically English but again completly uncommon outside of the UK.That's weird because I live in Korea and it's in every supermarket. Also sponge cake, sandwiches, modern bacon, meat pies, this debate finished days ago, I won.Beef Ramen, BEEF trust me.That's noodles with an egg in it. Not Pad Thai.Pies have been around since antique times according to wikipedia.You can't even find Cheddar in most supermarkets outside of England or the USA. If there is a "default cheese" it is probably Gouda.[There is only one way to make Pad Thai](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CeZlih4DDNg)AKA laduzi!I have Thai food here in the UK fairly often, can confirm. Never seen any peanut butter.Because making genuine Pad Thai would be so expensive. It's like a luxury meal in Thailand.ick!Okay, so you like sriracha, glass noodles and veggie stir-fry. That's fine, but really there is no point to call it pad thai. It is just a sriracha stir-fry.

It doesn't enhance it completely overpowers and masks.&gt; subs for the fish sauce

just because tuna is fish doesn't mean it "subs for fish sauce"Agreed, you only get fire shits when you eat unclean food. 


I never get fire shits at restaurants when eating stupidly hot but tasty curries, but as soon as I get a take away with some chilli or is very spicy then shit fly's up the walls. 


Fire shits are attributed to unclean food, not the hot sauce or spices.All very nice.. but what's his wastage every day / week? Plus if he is really earning so little himself, what is he doing for food? He can't afford his own product, and it's bad business to be consuming your own stock when your cash flow is so tight.Tesco are stocking Cholula too, you might want to check that out, it also go's on everything. Sriracha sauce and peanut butter? That's getting very similar to dan dan noodle territory. For it to be a pseudo-western style pad thai, you need some tomato sauce. Unless if you got some shrimp/fish sauce lying around. If you don't have any of the above? Then that's not Pad Thai!

How to make this better and turn it into the easy form of Dan Dan mother-fucking noodles:

- Sriracha sauce is good. If you have other kinds of hot sauce, I'd recommend experimenting.

- Peanut butter is good.

- Get rid of the ramen. Ramen is great in most recipes, but using it in this does not increase the value of the noodles. Most asian noodles would be fine. Don't go for rice-based noodles (they look albino) or really thick noodles, because they don't mix well with the peanutty goodness.

-The most important thing is: soy sauce! Peanut butter makes it quite dry, and sure you could drain out less water from the noodles, but there's a lot of sweetness in peanut butter, and the vinegar stands out more than the salt in sriracha. So you need the thing that balances everything out. Salt and pepper works as well, but I do like the taste of soy sauce better.

Other ingredients: Green onions (OP with most noodles/ fried rice), raisins, eggs, extra peanuts, great neutral stuff like garlic and ginger.

If you add any more, then you're better off doing the real thing.

For further information, [wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dandan_noodles)

Spread the gospel of the Dan Dan Motherfucking Noodles, peace out.Don't you get paid to live there?Everything but the recipe
I think it's also what you're used to. Our class all liked coke better, but pepsi really isn't very popular here. 

Also, in the blind test, we all could easily destinguish coke from pepsi, and the generic version. Most of us could even do it just by smell. Our teacher had bet we couldn't, she was very sure of herself about is aswell, so you can imagine it was a fun day in class for us 15 year-olds :)ITT food snobs who never attended college. smoother than a fresh jar of skippyI got some from Asda a couple of months ago and I've almost finished a large bottle, I live alone. It goes on everything! downvoted for sous vide.  shoulda cast ironed it and put sriracha on it too.  also forgot the bacon.Don't worry, that did not go to waste. Skippy *Natural*?  
Stop showing off, asshole.Where's the sugar?Can I have that last piece of your steak please?Easy fix: don't call it pad thai then. Call it *cheap shit* with total lack of nutrients.Speights no mates. Also assuming you are in nz because of speights almost every street has about 5 lemon trees why cant u just steal some my house has 2!!I love how everyone in this thread is trying to out-poor eachotherI like thisI didn't believe fire shits were real until I tried ghost pepper extract. They. Are. Real.It was a joke bro relax lol. I bet you this richy rich isn't even gonna use the spice packet, and just toss it.They look like corn dogs... But I know they aren't.I asked my Thai friend if she would eat this. She thought the peanut butter was chocolate, and she thought the sriracha was "chicken sauce".Have you tried Thai srirachas?  Far and away superior to the rooster.Not for Sriracha I would agree but get the hottest wing sauce at BWW and I get the fire shits every time. I have a pretty strong stomach too.Usually it takes a week for Pad Thai to become Bad Thai but I suspect your version may have a longer shelf life Maybe America is just the first to do it right. M'kay!That's a pretty good analogy.  I'm willing to bet the stores that sell the generic brand peanut butter with their label on it send people around to different generic peanut butter producers to do taste tests and the producers are using the Pepsi effect to their advantage to get their products on the shelves instead of one of their competitors.

Then those same people who did the taste tests probably go to the store and buy the name brand instead of the generic brand that they thought tasted better when they did they taste test.I found another egg-hater? Holy shit!We called this Poor Man's Pad Thai.Wow that article is embarrassingly USA-centric.

Srirachas have been around a long time, Mr. Tran did not invent the term.  Can you trademark the words "mustard" or "ketchup"?Mission Hill?Looks like a Philly Torta to me.Oh, sorry, I didn't know "college" meant "genuine" in Thai.

In English, it means "a place where students go and spend little money on food".I tried doing this- i ended up setting my [n nguyt]  ( http://www.vatgia.com/pictures_fullsize/bzw1359451588.jpg)  on fire.  

It was transcendental[;)](http://i.imgur.com/p6j8R8W.gif)I can't stand eggs, but recognize that they're one of the cheapest sources of protein you can get.

So I got ramen noodles, lots of soy sauce, and sucked it up.Eh expand your borders and try some real Thai sriracha.   HF is gross once you try the real thing.  Shark brand is excellent.They used to run those tests when I was at school.  Pepsi kept winning because they were the ones running the test.  We would all say we drank Pepsi so we would get more things for free.

I'm a whore :'(**College Pad Thai**

2 packets Chicken Ramen

1 spoonful Chunky Peanut Butter

2 eggs

Pot of water boiling on the stove. Both ramens in. You can put the eggs in any time - mix up with a fork for more like an egg drop soup. I prefer cracking it straight in so that it would cook with the yolk and whites still intact. If you do it perfectly the yolk will still be completely surrounded by whites and have a very delicious flavor. Move the noodles around and break them up - keep the eggs intact as best you can. Break 1.5 packets of chicken seasoning into the pot and stir. Take off heat. Put spoonful of peanut butter in bottom of serving bowl. The more PB the stickier the pad thai - sometimes I go for a soupy noodly pad thai but there are merits to a blob of peanut buttery noodles. Pour some water out. How much depends on personal preference. In high school I poured all of it out, but as my palate has refined i have learned at least some hot water is good for getting the peanut butter to mix better. Splash some Sriracha on top and you're good to go. 

Advanced maneuvers: vegetables, different sauces, peanuts. Oh god i forgot how good bibimbap sauce is. 

http://imgur.com/a/yMDTl here u go. i should probably mention i didnt eat often, this could last me a few days. not very healthy but, what can you do. you can scale down (or up) the ratios and stuff. i did make it as a dish for parties at my place (8 packets lol)Haha why would I not eat at the best restaurant in town!i love thai food, but im not the biggest pad thai fan. i believe that i could enjoy this moreIs that honestly for pad thai and not satay?I literally just melted Hershey dark chocolate chips for the dark ones and some white chocolate chips and oil for a drizzle on one's not picturedTried this just now, its awesome :oYou forgot the turd.

Thai food is my favorite ethnic food of all time.  Pad Thai is about 7th of the list of my favorite dishes of Thai. (and I love Pad Thai).  

I understand college and the money situation; but damn just eat the ramen noodles and get a shitty job to help pay for the Pad Thai.
Food4Less in Manteca CA
10/$1Its like being constipated, having diarrhea, with a little burning sensation. R.I.P. in peace butthole.We had a discussion in my cognitive psychology class tonight about Coke vs. Pepsi, similar to your experiment. Pepsi won more taste tests since it had a higher sugar content, making it taste better, and was more preferable, than the lower sugar content Coke. However, you will find Coke more often than Pepsi in the average home because, since it has a lower sugar content, you are likely to drink it more often and for a longer period of time. It is not sickeningly sweet and you would prefer to have that again and again as opposed to the good-at-the-time Pepsi, which has a much sweeter taste. hummmmm i dont think so. where are the chicken and shrimps? eggs? vegetables? But I don't get hot pastrami...[MO' NAKED HOES](http://boilemmashmem.ytmnd.com/)im 34 and still cook like that. cunts, someone said.Do you have a recipe for the chocolate? Or a Latvian restaurant in New York. Not every flavor one could want. I promise you that muchThe steak was sous-vide cooking for about 1.5-2.5 hours (I don't remember) at roughly 49c.

I have changed my method a bit since. I sear the steak (out of the fridge) on both sides before sous-vide cooking it at 48c for 2 hours. Then I sear it again. Yesterday I tested the difference in flavor between a seared--&gt;rested(10min)--&gt;seared and a seared--&gt;sous-vide--&gt;seared steak. I'll post some photos of that later on.You seem to have left out the Fireball Whisky
Show me ramen for less than $0.20I was in Seward if I recall and made a trip to subway. Something like 12 dollars for a footlong meatball combo ..... Holy shit Alaska is expensive.I hear putting a gash in your forehead and wrapping a sriracha soaked bandanna around the open wound works wonders.  Fuck those imgur comments, OP. I feel you on this. Chunky PB is a nice touch. I'd check the fridge for lemon, too.Damn, i can't make a normal sandwich and this is your FIRST try. Looks very nicethats brilliant, i was headig to the market for a steak here shortly i literally may have to switch it up. I have all those ingredients and could splurge on shrimp.thought this was /r/food for a minute there.  good to know i'm in /r/shittyfood.wheres the blood sausage?!Good job, I can't tell which one is the prank red pepper.Toad in the hole is sausages in batter!I make this on occasion, and I'm 30Much the same. I had heard way too much good stuff for it, so as soon as I found it in a local store I snapped it up. Never looked back :DThis made me throw up.No, it's not. It's a dumb buzzword. We all know why it's used but that doesn't change how stupid it sounds. And it taste nothing like SirachaYes, get a wooden spoon and place the potato in the cup of the wooden spoon. Then you can just cut down until the knife hits the top of the cup of the spoon.

Put the cheese in a bit later because otherwise it will burn, plus, the potatoes open up when they cook.I reckon it's a lot like tappin'Cereal.   

Dooo iiiiit!I know. Does nobody here live in a fucking city? $9 bucks for a sandwich isn't terribly bad, and if you're getting a side and a small drink, I'd expect to pay even more than that. there is zero, zip, squat, nada, fuck all, 'oriental' by any sense of the word of someone born in jerusalem that moved to the uk. It's a sarcastic joke of the highest order. Nobody with taste thinks it's any good. So to call it fancy is the only hilarious course to take.I think the lettuce is fine, I can't see why it would go soggy. Have you met Huy Fong Sambal Oelek? I have a nine pound jar in my fridge.An English breakfast, even for English people, is more of a treat than a regular thing for most though. I don't have the energy to fry thing before work in the morning!Get the corn for popcorn (Less than 1 handful is what you see there, it grows a lot in size)

Get a pot covered in teflon with a lid and preheat it at maximum fire, the strongest you have.

Before it starts smoking add:

1 tea spoon of neutral oil (Sunflower, canola, corn)

1 tea spoon of butter

When the butter dissolves, add the corn, mix, put the lid on.

When they start popping lower the fire to med-high and move the pot in circles as the continue popping. Be careful not to burn it.

When they stop popping, take the pot out of the fire, add 2 soup spoons of nutella and stir until the big clump of nutella disappears and all the popcorns are covered. (Do not use metal utensils to stir or you'll damage the pot)

It's really easy and godly. You can replace the nutella with honey, sugar (and make a sugar caramel), caramel, salted caramel, melted chocolate. Whatever you want, experiment!you cant carch autism? explain 99% of comments to anything on the internet then.Good choice of chocolate. 

Poor choice of beer. What is pad Thai ?The consumer's job is not to think about the price of manufacturing.

If you can't offer your product at a price that consumers will pay, you are not fit to be a business owner. Market yourself differently or expect the same response. 

The worst mistake people who excel at their craft make is to assume they can run a business. Not sure where to ask this, but which street in NYC between financial district &amp; chinatown should i walk past to casually buy flowers for this girl i'm with on valentines day? :)only poms call middle easteners asian. asian to an australian (a western country in asia) refers to people from china vietnam korea etc wheras pakistanis are called pakistanis (not filthy pakis) indians are called indians (not filthy pakis) and middle easteners are called middle easteners. Also, judging by the fact you can buy off the shelf a priduct called 'Selleys Start Ya Bastard' you lot just make up whats insulting as you go along... (sorry i remember clearly an argument with ex inlaws going batshit insane when they mistook 'busted' (lit. broken colloq. caugjt, found out, sprung) with 'bastard' (lit born out of wedlock. colloq. areshole)http://i.imgur.com/JKsDCgV.gifWas referencing [This Post](http://www.reddit.com/r/food/comments/2vjp9b/pad_thai_everything_you_need_to_make_it/)Pasta is way cheaper than ramen per serving. College kids officially can't math.I am far removed from college and I make this all the time. I love it. If you're feeling super fancy you can throw green onions on there, too.How did you make your cholesterin bombs? :DYou guys, it gets easier than that Nissin Chow Mein makes instant ramen pad Thai flavor. Its so delicious and only 50cents. I'm not in college but I still buy this in bulk because it's so good. I add crushed red pepper and/or sriracha for some spice.

http://www.theramenrater.com/2011/05/09/379-nissin-chow-mein-thai-peanut-flavor-chow-mein-noodles/
I snort it.... Since my veins couldn't handle it for long. It's eating my nose. What should I try next?I got real pad Thai with my
meal plan. Fuck "college" anything as if makes it less nasty/idiotic lol.I love Smitten Kitchen. Everything I have ever made from there turns out great.We need an update article Careful. Have intestines made out of rice paper (or be a toddler) and you'll be like the rest of these assholes who can't even go to Chipotle for lunch without going out of commission. 

No sorry, fire shits are not a thing. Eh, I live around the area. Driving by you can smell it year long. When they're actually crushing the peppers and everything it gets stronger. I can see how nearby residents would complain, but that's just life. Yeah I saw I was just referencing a [famous post too] (https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2np694/what_tasty_food_would_be_distusting_if_eaten_over)BlobsGrilled cheese Because college taxes even the most brilliant minds to maximal exertion such that even basic considerations like nutrition are impossible.

Can't even say that with a straight face. Even the easiest majors work out far more interesting problems than planning out meals that don't challenge even the tiniest of budgets.Hmm, looks at username. 

Hello JustGreatStuff employee!!I've drank champagne that almost has. Ninja squirrel The bland food part is long gone. I think it was derived from the rations during the war. There is a fantastic food scene everywhere in England now. I think saying you are better off in America is a little wide of the mark. Different strokes for different strokes though Crunchy? What on earth is wrong with you?&gt; Sriracha and RIce!
FTFYand yet their sriracha is garbage for anyone that's ever bothered to try their garlic chili sauce. 

seriously, after you've had it, there basically is no other worthwhile huy fong product.Put it on hotdogs!I don't know why they don't just buy vegetables, beans, rice, and whatever meat is on sale. They always act like they have to eat some hokey piss-poor imitation of an actual meal when they could *be* eating an actual meal thats equally as inexpensive. The added egg is the best tip I can give to any blossoming ramen chef.Dont fool yourself, they are just as fake as you are because Alasaka dasnt have internets.No problem. I may not be right on every detail, so if anybody can correct me they should speak up so that I can make an edit if I need to, but I've done my homework, and this is a pretty accurate set of basic data about the different ways you can have Pad Thai.I struggle to think where I'd be without Sirarcha sauce in my life. That's love.And rice stick noodles instead of ramen, just as easy to cook and more authentic.Safe bet: chances of me visiting Thailand  none.Hahaha I enjoyed this. Dude literally knows nothing about what he's saying. I've been in California for the last 16 years and I, as well as plenty of people I know, LOVE unhealthy food... as in actually unhealthy food far worse than an English breakfast. You want french fries with a shitload of cheese, meat, and assorted sodium-packed toppings on top? You got it. Additionally, an English breakfast is not that nutritionally different from a typical American breakfast. I might even argue that the English breakfast is more nutritious than say a stack of pancakes, sausage and toast (holy crap Americans eat sausage and toast for breakfast?!). The portion indeed is huge but uh almost every mid-level sit down restaurant in California is going to serve you an unhealthy amount of food. I don't know what part of California this guy lives in because even pretty health conscious cities (Berkeley,  SF) love their fix of deep fried empty calories. WOW! Thanks for the time and effort that must have taken. This is one of the reasons I love reddit.This looks vile. I'm trying it.Yay us. As a purist hash browns wouldn't be on there as delicious as they are, way back you might have fried potatoes or a bit if bubble and squeak if they were leftovers from yesterday's cooking.
In a Scottish breakfast you might replace the black pudding with a slice if haggis and/or white pudding. Oh also you might have a cup of "builders" tea to wash it down.Pb&amp;j with Pl jelly and siricha is good as f@#sCan not upvote this enough!Did ya know it's destroying a town.  Might not love the stuff so much if I lived there. 

http://mobile.reuters.com/article/idUSBREA3927220140410?irpc=932  
curry wurstcheers, mate!Add an egg if you're a gourmet. I'd try all of it once. You weren't wrong The best peanut butter is made with coconut sugar! I bought a jar recently, out of curiosity. It was eleven dollars and wasn't even in "butter" form when I got it (just add water) but damn if it wasn't the tastiest, most mouth-watering peanut butter experience I have ever had.

[10/10 would nom again](http://www.amazon.com/Just-Great-Powdered-Peanut-6-35-Ounce/dp/B006UM6D94)

Edit: WHOA judging by the downvotes, someone must actually think I am advertising... that or they find my preoccupation with peanut butter incredibly lame. Either way the correlation between my username and the type of sugar in my new favorite peanut butter is strictly coincidental, folks.Gotta hit up /r/ramenTrader Joe's has one. Neat, will try. Thanks.Gross!! Why peanut butter?? Why?!If you look up peanut butter and bacon on the Google, it'll like lead to a Wikipedia article on the subject.  Elvis probably helped popularize it (with bananas). OK, here a comparison between this recipe and a more authentic recipe, based on my own research and experimentation, as a person who lived there for 8 years, interacted professionally with the Thai restaurant industry for much of that time when I was there, and as somebody who speaks a very broad segment of the Thai language- certainly enough to interact there professionally for 6 of the 8 years I lived there.

So I'm not pulling this out of my ass.

So, this looks like the recipe from [Alton Brown](http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/alton-brown/pad-thai-recipe.html), adapted the American way: with Chicken, and the best approximation of what would be used that can be done with what is available.

The picture, from top left to bottom right, shows:

* Bean sprouts

* chinese spring onions- the ends are trimmed down, and then from the trim down to ~1/2" from the base, which is a bit fibrous and chewy.  Typically cut into long segments of about 1-2 inches long when added to pad thai.

* 2 eggs. The rule of thumb is one egg per serving.

* This- though I could be wrong- seems to be daikon. More on this in a second.

* Tamarind paste ( 90% sure)

* rice noodles (cooked 99%, drained, rinsed, and cooled to slow the cooking process, kept in a bowl under a damp cloth- in Pad Thai restaurants they'll then flavor these noodles with the sauce, so that they have a large batch of pre-flavored noodles ready for the day)

* rice wine vinegar. This is more of a chinese ingredient than a Thai one, and I have only seen this used in the US and never in Thailand, but I don't know for certain that it is not used there.

* Palm sugar paste, dissolved in water. This stuff is the most wonderful way to have sugar. It's like sugar play-dough, and you can dissolve it into anything to make it taste sweet- without being overpoweringly cloying, the way white granulated sugar is.  This looks like about 1/2 tablespoon in about 1/2 tbsp of water.

* dry roasted peanuts, crushed. just get the cheapest peanuts you can find, throw them (dry) into a frying pan and roast them so they are turning dark, and scorching a bit. then take them out, put another pan into the first one and crush the peanuts with the bottom of that pan. you want some powder, because this lends volume and an umami flavor to the whole of the dish, and it also helps absorb stray sauce.

* chicken.  This is, strictly speaking, not a Thai ingredient in this dish, although you are welcome to have it.  The one place I am aware of in Thailand that serves Pad Thai with chicken is Pattaya, and it is worth noting that this is a city that entirely exists to cater to foreigners, most especially adventure tourists and sex tourists, and that many of the foreigners living there are also in this industry- and so the reason this is seen in Pattaya, and not the rest of Thailand, is because the demand is by foreigners- not because it's the way the dish is normally served.  It's also worth noting that this version includes ketchup as an ingredient, which is also a big no-no to Thais- who have different dishes they prefer if they want dry noodles with meat (like pad see ew and kuay tiao kua gai)

* Dry shrimp.  This is a cheap source of protein. Pad Thai, originally, was a cheap junk-food; some sort of an equivalent of a McDonald's hamburger.  Posh versions- literally called "VIP" at one restaurant I went to in Chiang Mai- included 2-3 medium prawns, cooked in their shells- so a variety of shrimp can be used, the smallest of which are generally the cheap chewy dry ones about 1/4" in diameter- which I've actually found at Winco, since being back in the US.  I think I may have seen them in Walmart before as well.

* that shot glass, right there- it looks like a particularly clear fish sauce or brine.  This is down to the preference of the cook- but certainly a salt-flavor sauce is used here. 

* bottom left: tofu. The thai tofu is extremely hard and chewy- a bit like cheddar cheese, just out of the fridge, although it is springier.  there are varieties of tofu that are deep fried before being sold that work particularly well, although they are a substitute for the genuine thai one, which has a bright neon yellow rind and white flesh.

* Garlic.

* lime.

***Not pictured:***

* Daikon jerky.  These are covered well in this excellent article: http://shesimmers.com/2011/06/pad-thai-recipe-part-three-notable.html

* granulated raw sugar, chili pepper flakes, and fish sauce.  These three are used together to counterbalance flavors, are added late in the cooking process to make any adjustment to flavor that may be needed. The dish is also served with these on the table, so that the people eating can make any adjustments they find they need.

* peanut sauce.  This is not pictured because it is not actually an ingredient in this recipe.  I'm not aware of any Thai recipe for Pad Thai that uses peanuts in a pre-made sauce, or uses peanuts as an ingredient in the sauce.  

***Things that are also on the table when you eat Pad Thai***

* banana flower wedges.  These are very starchy tender vegetables. You peel them, a bit like an artichoke, and eat the leaves raw. They are best when fresh cut, have a mild tartness and a vegetative dryness to them that makes you want to pucker slightly.

* more dry roasted peanuts, lime wedges, bean sprouts, granulated raw sugar, dry chili pepper flakes, and fish sauce

* chopsticks. This is one of the few dry dishes thai people eat with chopsticks.

***The rough order of preparation***

* noodles are prepared first. You boil them, then drain, rinse, and finally cool them to stop them cooking. This is the standard practice for however else they will be used- normally as is, in soups, where the broth gives the flavor rather than the noodle. But with Pad Thai, there is no broth: so the noodles are flavored with a few flavors in mind as a "target": you want the noodles to be sweet, but not cloying. You want them a bit tart, so that it makes the other flavors stand out more. You want a bit of umami brothiness; you want some salt, to bring it all together. And you want a decent aroma.  So the standard seasonings are based on tamarind, with fish sauce and palm sugar paste; but additional ingredients that might be used (family secret recipes, that kind of thing) include dark sweet soy sauce, rice wine vinegar, oyster sauce, white soy sauce, regular soy sauce, and probably others I'm not aware of. However, to cover the basics, it's tamarind, palm sugar, and fish sauce. This turns the noodles kind of an orangy brown, which is how they appear at all times in the restaurants that specialize in Pad Thai.

 So noodles and sauce together at the beginning. Don't put the sauce on at the end.

* First into the pan: oil. Then the tofu, garlic, pickled daikon, dry shrimp (or fresh shrimp!), peanuts, and a handful of bean sprouts.  These are cooked first.

* Noodles in, give it all a mix so that everything is distributed, let it cook for just a second, and then push it aside and get the eggs in. Crack the yolks with the spatula and spread them around the base of the wok, so they cook as quickly as possible. flip them over and scramble them. then break them up and stir into the noodles to distribute it.

* one more handful of bean sprouts, a generous handful of the chopped chinese spring onion, and a sprinkling of about a tablespoon or two each of chili flakes, granulated sugar, dry roasted peanuts, and fish sauce- and then this is stirred one last time to distribute the flavors, and then served, traditionally on a banana leaf  but now more commonly on a bit of plastic-lined paper, maybe with a little patch of banana leaf in the middle.

* when it is served, there is still no lime juice on it, and it is deliberately served under-seasoned. This is because the person eating is expected to use what is also on the table (see above) to further flavor their dish, adding whatever they like to make the flavor what they want.  Typically, a spoonful of each is the rule of thumb.

I think that's it. Hope you guys find this useful.I like it here! It's a little bit Stockholm Syndrome but still.commander datadrain, set phaser to killI thought you said there was food in those pictures?An advertisment [from 1966](http://news.google.com/newspapers?nid=1917&amp;dat=19650701&amp;id=AdBKAAAAIBAJ&amp;sjid=m-kMAAAAIBAJ&amp;pg=5515,82412)...

Skippy's brand was meatless (not real bacon), but there were other companies who made real products with less shelf life.

Here's a newspaper article [from 1933](http://news.google.com/newspapers?nid=1955&amp;dat=19331116&amp;id=OGYhAAAAIBAJ&amp;sjid=vYcFAAAAIBAJ&amp;pg=1788,3221653) with a recipe for Heinz peanut butter and bacon.Putting it on everything is exactly what you're supposed to do.Only evil communists and vegans hate eggs. You're telling me. It's been quite a few weeks getting all this stuff ready, and there's no immediate end in sight.  Though if a bunch of people like the sauce it will totally be worth it.What am I doing, I'm about to go try this...

I see posts all the time from British people visiting the US saying something like "Americans really know how to eat!" And there is the clich idea that traditional British food is a little bland. So while we may not have everything in the states, you are probably better off food-wise here in the US. And you can always make your own Full English, because the ingredients are pretty basic. I made one not too long ago for my family nToasted O's ftwSriracha and Ice!

Wait...Literal tub. You scoop it out with your hands. That's nacho average philly cheesesteak that's for sureSkippy is like never not on sale if you have time to look at coupons I was making a joke. That tuna looks like deathHm. Saw them stacking a floor display at Costco the other day. Didn't think too much of it, but maybe I'll go back for a case.

Better be right, dreucifer!Siracha is a sauce style not a brand. Look at this fatcat here.

/r/frugaljerkYuck lolWell now noodles almost every day isn't good for your liver.Literally (as defined pre 2013) the only reason why I logged in. You are full of shit. I don't have anything to say except I'm overcome with excitement to randomly find some other Alaskans on hereOh I've done it, it tastes okay. Although I'm Asian, so our feelings about rice meals may differ.I can't agree with that.Looking forward to college so I can escape this place for a little while. I do this. It tastes amazing. Using cheap shit 5 cent ramen doesn't make it work.

Buy Nongshim packets. They're like $1 a piece. Boil water. Drop everything except the egg(s) in, wait until 2 minutes, 30 seconds. Drop the egg(s) in, 30 seconds later, turn off the heat and pour into a bowl. Breaking the yolk is optional. Some people prefer either or.Yes, actually.

I can't speak to technique though, because mine always come out looking terrible compared to, say, my parents', because any time they do it, it comes out perfectly poached and coherent, but between-over-easy-and-over-hard in the middle. By comparison, mine are a little wispy around the edges and might have stuck to some noodles. Not quite the right kind of consistency of yolk, either.

But still, I do like me some egg in my ramen.I do it all the time. Protein!In what? Please say pockets.This has nothing to do with pad Thai at all.  None of these ingredients resemble those used in pad Thai.

Crushed peanuts can be used as a garnish on pad Thai but 'peanut sauce' is not a part of the dish.  Except in American Thai restaurants

Somehow Americans got it in to their heads that 'peanut sauce' on everything is a central facet of Thai cuisine.  It is not, American Thai restaurants do it to cater to white customers.  Satay sauce is Malay and is not even very common in much of Thailand, and is used only as a dipping sauce for small sticks of meat.  You never see noodles with any kind of peanut sauce in Thailand.  No. even for college this is not Pad thai.Add some chunky peanut butter to one can of coconut milk in a saucepan (I prefer a balanced texture, equal parts each ingredient. Just so long as the sauce isn't soupy.) stir on high, thoroughly. Add as much chili powder as you can handle. Kill heat after 10 minutes. Top it on some stir fry veggies, noodles, and/or meats. Or just throw it on top of rice and serve!You need a decent ramen to make it good. Stuff like Maruchan and Oodles of Noodles suck ass. My go to is the Nongshim Ramyun in the red pack. Why not some truffle too while we're at it?Gross. I just got a justice boner.OMG I love eggs in ramen. How can you not? Heresy. Damn it I want some now. Looks good :)Careful. Eat too much of it and you'll get the Fire Shits. It's like soft-serve fire coming out of your ass.PO
TAY
TOES

boilemmashemstickeminastewTofu, pesto, and lettuce. [IDontBelieveYou.gif](http://gfycat.com/SpitefulImmediateGannet)  


---
^(*Feedback welcome at /r/image_linker_bot*)
IDontBelieveYou.gifOh probably right. I usually use a dash of sauce and a teaspoon of nut butterand $.60 a loaf is very expensive for bread. Once you get caught for animal abuse from the dog/peanut butter "incident", parole should keep you indoors long enough to perfect something along the lines of an EBT-restricted pad thai recipe.In college I only did this to gain additional nutrients, not for taste
i think he was probably looking for a certain peanut butter to siracha to noodle ratio. That's what she said!.
It made me feel very uncomfortable.TIL. though I'm colorblind so I probably wouldn't be able to tell.I took a class in middle school called "Foods &amp; Nutrition" and one day the whole class did a blind taste test of 4 brands of peanut butter.  The generic brand won the taste test by an overwhelming margin, if I remember correctly it was something like 80% of the vote.  I think the teacher's theory was the generic brand had more sugar but it really surprised me at the time since we are so conditioned to prefer name brand products.It depends on what you're after and what you think she would like, I dated a serious vegan for a while and food was never a big deal even though I joked around about how much I loved bacon and steak 99% of the time. if you can still use cheese and dairy it should be easy. You say not pasta, but any eggplant parmesean type dish is absolutely awesome, a lot of mexican/hispanic style dishes are amazing with good vegetables and don't lose a beat without any meat, a lot of indian/asian dishes are naturally vegetarian and are easy or quick, and for american style food a homemade veggie burger is something that can be incredibly amazing done right. 

What does she like? Is she an exotic eater? are you an exotic eater? You have any dishes you or she loves? Vegetarian options are much easier than most people think. Before I started eating predominantly vegetarian, half the time I would get vegetarian burritos at chipotle bc i would get free guac in my burrito and I didn't think it made that big of a difference. Esstentially any dish without a meat smacked on the center of the plate can be good without meat, any rice/hash or potato dish/sandwich or whatever can be good. Let me know what you are confident with and like/dislike, what you are willing to experiment with a bit, and whatever details you might have and you can come up with something great, healthy, and satisfying with some thought and effort.
N my american ass would be standing there like bro where's the beef at[Our struggle is real](http://s3.amazonaws.com/rapgenius/Black-man-Crying.jpg)Sure, but this doesn't help me with the recipe!befriend a dog.I know, I just want someone to be serious :(You guys, come on. I'm all for this eating cheap and quick in college and shit.
But this doesn't even resemble pad thai. 

It's closer to [peanut butter chow mein](http://www.food.com/recipe/chinese-lo-mein-with-peanut-butter-sauce-288077) to which you just add some soy and sesame sauce and it's dope.

And if you want to try authentic pad thai [look here](http://www.thaifoodandtravel.com/recipes/pad-thai-recipe.html)

but basically i think it's kinda rude and basic to mix this shit up. 
That is how I normally eat it minus the peanut butterPooping back and forth foreveroh no, sorry, I was just joking lolI just drink it straight out of the bottle. No excuses necessary.I'm right there with you. I've tried a few times and it just does not do it for me. Maybe I'm just not interested in the egg-drop-soup feeling. I might be able to go for it if it were hardboiled, but I can't do the scrambled egg-shreds.so you were the cunts doing that. OP could have at least fucking made something. Who on earth hasn't heard of this shit yet?God I hate Skippy Peanut Butter. brought one back from America to the UK and the top layer was just pure oil.... The taste wasn't any better. But I heard the chocolate spread is quite goodVariation:  Cheap ground beef + sour cream + ramen

Equals:  Beef stroganoff!  use Sambal instead of Sriracha and add a bit of fish sauce... so much better. lolWait what do you do with the peanut butter?I have to wonder if anyone on reddit has ever actually tried cracking an egg into their ramen, because it is seriously lackluster. I have tried it many different ways and none of them were good, and this is coming from a person who loves eggs. Sesame oil is a much worthier contribution to this combination.Or you know, go to the local Asian supermarket and get enough ingredients to make real Pad Thai for a week for the same money. Not as funny as what OP said I will grant but at least you won't end up with diabetes.Nah, authentic pad thai doesn't have any of these ingredients. But college pad thai? Yeah! This is all you need.I was working 6 plus hours in the summer without a break and a friend brought me a strawberry bubble tea. Sent me over the edge
http://www.latimes.com/business/la-fi-sriracha-trademark-20150211-story.html#page=1The heat from the sriracha, but then there's the neutralizing from the milk. It's the Cheerios that are the problem they're way too name brand.OnionsImpressiveYeah but that's Alaska bro let's be honest with ourselves. We don't have dollar stores, we've got fiver stores.Here is a word cloud of all of the comments in this thread: http://i.imgur.com/sz9lnVd.png

If the mods feel the need to blacklist this bot, feel free to ban this account. Thank you!

*****
[^source ^code](https://github.com/Winneon/makeswordclouds) ^| [^contact ^developer](http://np.reddit.com/user/WinneonSword)Thank you! It was cheap and easy to make. The sauce was the fun part to make.Did this almost every day for dinner last year. Add some honey, soy sauce, and lime juice (just get the plastic bottle, no time for that fresh shit). Enhances it to a whole 'nother level.ouch, like $.29 where I'm at in Alaska.Nongshim Shin Ramyun Black is the godliest of the instant ramens.Alton Brown didn't invent mise en place, it's basically a way of living for professional cooks. Everything in its place. It's not for every home cook and makes more dishes, but after working in a kitchen a few years I can't go back!If you actually have a mixtape I will listen to it. This name was not a jokeGood lord, and nowadays I have to fry my own bacon to make this happen?!?!  Something tells me Elvis had something to do with the trend you're talking about.There are others? if you look at their other banh mi sandwiches  they're pretty expensive too... Where I live, they are $3-$5, and I really doubt those type of restaurants are making 4x off these cheap banh mis. Even his tofu banh mi is $6 and that's about as cheap as you can get from ingredients. I've had cheaper seafood banh mi sandwiches than that. *shrugs*Bruh. For mexicans its Maruchan + tapatio or valentina + lime. Did anyone else have sauce runs in their dorm floors? Where once a week everyone would go to Taco Bell or McDonalds and get as many packets as possible. This would last us weeks and we'd just trade around fast food places weekly. By the end of the semester we had every flavor of condiment one could even want. Sometimes i go hack down some corn stalks if I want some for dinner in the fall. 

Boom! Lawyered!
Holy crap dude. Just because I have nothing (literally nothing) better to do at the moment, I'll SparkNotes this conversation for you.

1. OP says he/she is surprised that it's so hard to find this breakfast offering in the states

2. YOU say that most Americans would consider this food unhealthy (therefore implying that this is the cause of the problem)

3. I write, as a joke, that nutrition doesn't get in the way of the USA and its food

4. You make smug comments about how this would never pass in California

5. I, as a lifetime California resident (I also might add that I've lived in three different parts of the state: Davis, Los Angeles, Berkeley), say that that's just wrong, sighting the mass popularity of In-N-Out as an example of Californians not giving a shit about nutrition

6. You say, and this is where you lose me, that most people in the US would identify the food as unhealthy

And, the best part, is that I agree with your last point, but that wasn't the fucking point of the discussion. You swerved the argument in a different direction.

Also, I'm curious as to what areas of California you live in that can allow you to ascertain that the entire state is turned-off by unhealthy food. That's just blatant stereotyping.finally, someone interested in my mixtape.Yeah, cause Maruchan is like 5 cents.make it sohttp://freakonomics.com/2015/02/05/how-efficient-is-energy-efficiency-a-new-freakonomics-radio-podcast/What's taters?Yep. I always apologize in advance to my family when I cook thai but promise it'll be worth the smell.You forgot the MSGSo saltyI'm... I'm gonna try this...Have you ever had pad that was more red than brown, and on the sweeter/milder side? Probably sweetened with ketchup (sometimes with and sometimes instead of tamarin and/or Palm sugar). for the inner city alternative substitute Franks for the Sriracha and save the peanut butter for munchies induced sammiches latter on. Empty bottle, this is indeed College Pad Thai.OP, if you're going to hijack the top post spot like this, the least you can do is give us the cooking method (i.e. how much Sriracha and peanut butter, how much water should be drained from the noodles, how much of the seasoning packet should be added).What about pickled ginger from a sushi shop? I can afford that.I just tried peanut butter in a cup o noodles.  Not bad but would taste a lot better with shiracha.##Engage.With pad thai the egg is supposed to be scrambled.Have you ever had pad that's more red than brown, and on the sweeter/milder side? Probably sweetens ketchup (sometimes with and sometimes instead of tamarin and/or Palm sugar). I'm so sure OP does that. It's also easier to not buy them in the first place. But keep justifying it.Does the cost vary by region?  Maruchan is the cheap brand where I am.Cook on stove, with 1 minute to go throw in an egg.I'm crazy about Thai food, I order it all the time. It took me a long time to have any success making pad thai though. The biggest mistake I made over and over: trying to cook three days worth of pad thai in one wok (my motives were always to have leftovers). Smaller batches are a must if you want to execute it well. Thanks for the tip!Did you know it's American made? I'm so proud I have mixed feelings about sriracha cheerios.Sriracha is amazing in every way. Hypebeast actually made a cool film about the founder. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLVpu4X9jH8More like a prison spread pad thai. No seriously, check out some of their creations. It's incredible what you can do with ramen noodles and random saved state foods and commissary. One such creation uses ramen, peanut butter, a saved bag of unsalted peanuts from lunch, chili packets from a Thai Noodle (noodle package) and a few other things to make just what you are making there.I put cheddar on a cracker with a blob of Sriracha.Can you ask your local thai restaurant for a tradition pad thai made with tamarind rather than ketchup? There are a couple local places around here that offer both. Ketchup based pad thai tastes like something horrible from a kids menu IMO.The red sauce is tamarind. You can get bricks of it from any asian market, but usually not at more major chain stores like walmart/winco/albertsons/safeway.  This is the pre-prepared version, which is also available and convenient, but not as authentic: Normally dried tamarind fruit, taken out of the shell and seeded and allowed to dry, is put in boiling water and allowed to dissolve into a paste- which is then filtered to get the fibrous veins that run through the flesh of the fruit (as well as any straggling seeds) out.  An acceptable cop out is to put 1-1.5 tbsp of tamarind paste in 1/2-2/3 of a cup of water and microwave it, and then strain that over the noodles to flavor them.

Also, the top right appears to be daikon, which is technically correct- it is an ingredient- but this is the wrong kind (the correct kind is a southeast asian sweet dry-pickled preparation of this kind of daikon- but the readily available chinese salty version, available at all asian food stores everywhere, is an acceptable substitute).  It's one of those ingredients white people don't seem to know about yet. Essentially, teriyaki turnip jerky.

Working on a post to give some data about this stuff. look for it if you give a shit.Peanut butter and bacon was very popular in the 1950s time frame...you used to be able to get it in a pre-mixed jar.Don't disgrace Pad Thai by trying to make it with these ingredients.;)Soda, cheese and beer.If you separate the egg white from the egg and crack it in there while its still steaming and put a plate over top of the bowl. It'll cook the egg enough to where its still gooey. You can make it up to me by shipping some pork shoulder ;)What's fappin?Ok, you're obviously trolling if you're dumb enough to put quotes around the word city simply because it has laws built in favor of one enterprise over another, lmao. Kind of like that "Connecticut" state and their anti-tesla motors stance, amirite? And Maruchan! Easy there, Rockefeller.Herbs? You can afford that too? High roller indeed there FuckFrankie. Crunchy Jif or you're a heretic who deserves to be burnt.As we say in /r/shittyfoodporn, there are two types of shitty food porn: bad food photographed well, and delicious food photographed in less than flattering poses. Yours falls into the latter category, come on over my friend we would love to have you!Is that all you really need to make a pad thai?Alright, thanks mate :Did rather eat my own shit over and over again until i stopped shitting and/or diedYour 'city', if you can call that, sucks, and should be discounted in the empirical evidence used in this thread.hhaha ...shiiitttttttLooks greatWell reasoned reply that doesn't actually alter the fact he's not selling much, hence the low earings and high costs. Perhaps it he took more notice of the competition and he reduced his prices he would sell more. It would be preferable to earn $1 every five minutes to his $3 hour.Phlegm on a stick nice!Nothing else compares to the Huy Fong SrirachaLEMON FRESH

100% SQUEEZED LEMON JUICE

juice of ^5 lemons

NOT FROM CONCENTRATE

ONLY JUICE

Just buy a few lemons. They're around 33-50 cents each. 
I'm no pork expert, but I've done my research... When cooking the buh-jesus out of a pork belly to the point where it's dry (which is probably undesirable on a sandwich), I'd expect it to shrink by about 40% and lose about 30% of its mass (in water and fats).

If the owner is so good at mathematics that he can run a business smoothly as he's subtly trying to convince us, then why is he implying that a 25% volume reduction definitively results in a 25% mass reduction? Since the reduction involves evaporating the less weighty, yet more bulky substances (eg. water), I have my doubt regarding his figures...

Then again, perhaps he could improve the quality of his food by cooking it on a more regular heat, and drying it out less?Hacking is anything unorthodox done to reach a goal without the correct toolsWhy make it? Its Only 50 baht :-DPeople who can't afford pasta to mass cookYou're really asking for a ramen recipe? It says it on the packet dude. As for the hot^cock sauce and the peanut butter, just mix them in with the other flavours, or when you would put the flavours in.Wait. Peanut butter + Sriracha + instant ramen. This sounds amazing. Peanut butter, bacon, sriracha, toasted bread.  Doesn't sound like an awesome sandwich... but it is.  Either that or the cigarettes and broken nose have messed up my taste/smell senses to the point where I'm like my uncle who used to lather everything in prepared horseradish just so he could taste it.  But don't take MY word for it....It's not if you should, it's if you willIt does
Correct, because hacking has nothing to do with food.i always snag as many sauce packs as my poor fingers can grab.
i have a whole drawer full.
perfect for ramen, manager special meats, and fappinIt's all about ratios. Don't glob an ice scream scoop of peanut butter in. Just a little bit, to give it some flavor other than cup o noodles. A tiny squirt of cock sauce will also go a long way. 

^^^You ^^^pervert. Can confirm. Eating this now.  My mouth approves.Man, I have been to a huge shake shack in Istanbul. 

I remember when it was a small place in a park, now its thinking of going public. That said, the food deposit seem to have suffered.
Aw man, wish I had seen the first thread.  Missed mah chance fer a sampull : (true. but to be clear, 3-4x is a pretty standard food cost multiplier in the restaurant industry. how much or how little you do depends on all the fun stuff like labor and overhead.

that said, it's $9 a sandwich cause the pork he uses is nice. can you buy $1/lbs. pork from a reputable meat vendor? kinda tough these days... but I think possible if you really look around and try to cut deals. this guy is using the good stuff, and people who care will care, and it'll be worth the $9 to them.

that said, i love the $3 banh mihs i get from Oakland Chinatown (Cam Huong, I'm looking at you). I also know that they're not using $4/lbs pork in their sammiches. 

i think the owner's tone is inappropriate. this is a free market situation. the customer is entitled to his opinion, and certainly has full control over where he spends his $9. if the good people of portland think this guy's sammiches are worth $9 a pop, their demand will keep him in business. otherwise, the market will correct. mmmmmmmmm, market correction. so delicious. too bad we didn't let that happen with banks in '08... but that's a tangent.It's pretty easy to compost/recycle paper platesCan I just say as a British person I have heard a lot of good stuff about Sriracha and saw it in Tescos the other day. Holy shit this stuff is godly. I've been eating it with literally everything. I've started putting little blobs of it on almonds. I'm just trying to find any excuse to shovel this stuff in my mouth.Nam Prik Pao or Chili Jam

http://shesimmers.com/2011/01/nam-prik-pao-thai-chilli-jam-secret.htmlAdd lime juice and brown sugar. So good, so easy, so cheap.

Poor man's Pad Thai.Our college always had a tub of Sriracha in the dining hall. we would snag that stuff and bring it back to the dorms all the time. I don't understand why people feel the need to hate on your post, but personally OP I think it looks fucking delicious. I'd probably add some lettuce and tomato to my slice but afterwards so help me god I would wreck the shit out of it with my face.Sounds like one of these food cart sandwiches wouldn't fill you up like a subway sub.  Delicious foot Longs. I'm going to subway right now. Everyone go to subway and consume sandwiches.Geeze ... now I really want some.good old seymour, always waiting for me. just like that giant mushroom in my showerJust spent 5 months in south east Asia, tomatoes in everythingSteak...check. Onions...check. Cheese Whiz...check. Looks like a Philly to me.Seriously worth trying...I just need some peanut butter! I've always got sriracha in my dorm, it's a necessity for us college students! Always add eggs to your ramen as well :)
Challenge Accepted.wow that's quite an impressive operation! very hot indeed ;)Def thought that's where I wasSeriously best response ever? Is this how he responds to any and all criticism? The owner shouldn't have to write a saga to make a $9 sandwich worth it. upvote for tofuWell this seems disgusting.The Thai and tomatillo looks awesome. I'd love a sample. What kind of stores do you expect to sell these at? I'll try not to reveal my exact location, but the kickstarter page lists San Francisco...which got me excited. My current hot sauce of choice is a green sauce that I just get at Safeway (lame). This!Thank you for that recipe - just tried it a few minutes ago, it is absolutely superb. Have you even been in the real world yet?&gt; Grades (especially in a single class) do not mean much in the scope of life. Helping others to see both sides of an issue, learning to counter a false argument in a calm and kind and coherent manner, these are things worth learning - and they'll outweigh this shitty classes GRADES in terms of lifetime earning power.

People who say "grades don't matter" have never been on the wrong side of the GPA barrier.  I can confirm this. Growing up my family owned several food trucks. Turns out fees vary GREATLY from city to city, county to county, state to state, etc. Some cities go out of their way to make it IMPOSSIBLE for there to be a strong food truck presence. Others make it so easy, you see one every 2 feet. Fees, permits, licenses, not to mention the fines if you ever make a miniscule mistake when the powers that be decide to be looking over your shoulder. Special events like parades? Forget about it unless you're making a few thousand dollars from the parade sales themselves, the cost to set up anywhere near the parades is ridiculous.  Anyone who says otherwise has clearly not tried running their own business. 

Edit: Fun story, I once cost our business a roughly $1,500 fine for.... you ready?..............the inspector was staring at me as I sliced vegetables and I looked at him and asked, "What?" He said, "That's gonna cost you." I had a dumbfounded look. Turns out my mistake was looking away from the cutting board area without setting the knife down first. This was a safety violation that, having taken the FHC (18 hour back then Food Handler's Course) and passed it, I should've known about. Had to pay for it out of pocket. Good thing it was a family business. Family always has your back. How about some steamed hams?Subway charged me 9 dollars for a footlong hot pastrami the other day, I'll gladly pay for this sandwich where people took time to make and create over subway any day.They have tubes of ginger paste next to the herbs for like $3 and it will last you all semester.Oh oh, and the mushrooms from the bathroom floor! MmmMan, I made it with shin Ramen (that spicy good stuff)  with an egg and peanut butter. I gotta say, probably the best Ramen I've had. Crack an egg in there! Like /u/IceCooro said, Papaya Salad, and also other salads (called Yum). If you like Thai food, you should look into a northern Thai dish called "Nam Prik Ong." It's a chili sauce made with tomatoes and minced pork. It actually tastes very similar to marinara sauce. He explicitly said that was standard.OWNEREDI think his response is get a better job you cheap fat fuck.  Sounds fair.Masala**His response came across as more condescending than anything.  The reviewer had a fair opinion regarding the price point of the product, one that seems to be shared by many other reviewers.  There was no need to lecture them on the pains of running a business.Soups are easy and can pair with just about anything. A fine baguette with hummus or other spreads. Wine. Bean or pasta salads are quick to mix if you're sure to have the ingredients. Have some fresh fruit to snack on and YOU'RE IN. Avoid the processed, frozen "meat-imitation" products. If you've got the time to put in I've had many absolutely delicious and filling vegan "meat"loafs. Google it, sorry I lack a real recipe for you.Recipe?
Hmm. Why did he multiply the cost by 4 at the end? Is it the standard way to calculate the price?
Lol, that is such an asinine statement. Every city has their own sets of rules and regulations. You literally cannot compare a food truck in one city to the next. There is not *one* food truck in my city because the fees the city places on them to protect the restaurants are so high that no one is willing to do it. I suspect not every city is like this, because, as I said.. it varies between cities.so you decided to be a dick.

i actually don't think anyone in california would eat eggs fried in lard.  and i don't think anyone would eat caramelised beans for breakfast, or eat british sausages, even if they could be had here, and i really don't think anyone would willingly eat toasted wonderbread - at least not enough people for it to be put on the menu in a widespread  manner where it could be readily located.

but no, someone here actually thinks that saying there are 39 million people disputes the spirit of what i am saying - although they have no explanation for why it is so hard for the op to locate a british fry up in the states.  and perhaps no explanation for why people running b n b's in britain have frequently asked me 'what *do* americans eat for breakfast.'  but no, you know best.

if you think it is so easy for people to locate a british fry up on the menu, because americans will eat toast and sausage, then take it up with the op who finds it so difficult and explain the incongruity to him, not me.  i have my answer: most americans would find a british fry up to be unhealthy.  and quit bothering me with your horseshit.You're ruining the narrative!When I was up there for about six months LBB was where I went for burgers. After I got back home I went to In-N-Out and it just didn't taste that good because of the quality difference, it took a few months to like them again. And the truffle oil on the fries, by the time I remembered to ask for no oil it was too late, they tasted wrong without it.well then today you are going to learn something new I hope.

there is a relatively closely followed 'ancient, ~1200-1400' Pad Thai recipe, it is from the sukhothai era.  Do not try to google it, what comes up is wrong.

Back then there wasn't access to the ingredients we have now and there is NO tamarind in that recipe whatsoever.  Use of tamarind is considered a modern (modern as in) Krung Thep style pad thai.

You can have a sukhothai era pad thai recipe, the ingredients, and even watch an old Isaan woman make it all day and you will royally screw it up, I consider it one of the most difficult simple recipes to perform.  This number is purely pulled out of my intuition but I'd say that of the sukhothai style pad thai carts only a handful in the country can do it right every day all day long.  Outside of Isaan the greatest concentration of these vendors/chefs is in Pattaya.

There is one in the 'germantown' area of pattaya...my wife who never liked pad thai growing up in the usa will eat two orders in one sitting there.Add a slice of lime and you're good to go! Throw in an egg for a more satisfying meal.it's tough to figure out without the OP. I got most from your comments on that post but what's on the top right corner?Any professional restaurateur would tell you otherwise. Costs for food trucks are about the same anywhere...My wife is white and cooks with tomatoes.Damn. I wanted to reply to /u/BigBearKitty and tell him that California is a diverse state of 39 million people, many of which would definitely eat eggs, sausage, toast, and some other stuff while not caring it was unhealthy, but... he disabled replies. The clever bastard.There is no standard because every type of business has a different set of rules to play by. I doubt you really know the exact fees, taxes, etc. that food truck owners in Seattle run into. Perhaps 4x *is* the standard that they all adhere to.All this just makes me glad I cook for myself most of the time.I agree. It's a neat concept, but it just looks disgusting. I couldn't even begin to entertain the idea of eating that. I mean.....calorie overload!I don't mind paying a little extra for something that someone clearly has spent a lot of time and effort on. And I'm not one with a lot of money to throw around - I just think it's important to help out other people trying to make a living. I would pay $9 for a pork belly sandwich from this guy. I guess I'll be that guy.

You can use all of the math in the world, at the end of the day, $9 *is* expensive for just a sandwich. One of my favorite aspects of Vietnamese food, other than how damn delicious it is, is that it's dirt cheap. I get great Banh Mih sandwiches around here for $4-5. I would be upset, as I'm sure most of you would be, if I spent $9 on lunch and got only a sandwich that left me hungry afterward.

I understand the cost of business. I also understand that if you're marking up your product 4x cost and you're still only making $3/hr end profit, you need to fix what you're doing. I realize pork belly can be a little expensive. Perhaps this is an item he should consider more of a loss leader and not mark up 4x. It's not the only thing he sells, so he can get away with not making the same profit, and he'll avoid all of those negative $9 complaints. Less complaints, more business, more profit. Running a business is all about being creative - if you're just going to steadfastly stand by your "4x cost" profit equation, you're going to hit a little resistance like he's seeing. His whole yelp is littered with this sentiment. At what point don't you listen to your customers and try to fix it instead of sticking by it?Holy shit! This is my OC from a while back (some folks linked to it below; you da real mvps). I've been reposted for like triple the karma I got originally... Oh wells. Yes there is tamarind in the red bowl, and there's crispy fried onions and garlic in the little bowls IIRC.Red sauce is sriracha sauce, just below it's hoison sauce teammate.That's what I was thinking... 6.75 sounds WAY more fair for a sandwich from a street food vendor than $9.  For $9, I'd like to be seated indoors in a restaurant at the very least for one sandwich with no sides or drinks.Where are all the bones to make the broth?I suppose the more accurate dish to say that every family has their own variety of is, at least in my experience, kalbi jim. Even within my own family, people cook it differently.

I actually agree with you that the bo ssam that Chang does is really his own particular style (my family also just boils it) but it still looks really tasty. I think he calls it bo ssam because of the way that they end up eating it, not sure why else. Other post said Maenam - looks like 4th avenue is a hotspot for good Pad Thai :)Thanks I'll try it !I much prefer the salmon!Lol! The only reason I tried it is because a friend of mine had already had it and didn't have any issues from it.Let me know for when I go to Seattle next !
Damn that sauce is delicious, we have a bottle if it at home. We call it cocksauce.Actually met a guy thru-hiking the A.T. who made this.
4x? 3x is standard increase to cover costs...Thank you.Will some poor bastard try this and tell me if I should eat it with rice?EPIC!!!You don't need much - a teaspoon will do. Peanut butter is legitimately used in some Asian dishes. It's not a hack. :)"pad thai"Yummmmm I just ate dinner two hours ago and I'm hungryI wouldn't really say that every Korean family has their own bo ssam recipe. Bo ssam is pretty simple stuff - it's boiled pig with kimchi filling and other stuff. Any differences in "recipe" would come from subtle things like spices used in the liquid, the contents of the kimchi and what it's garnished/wrapped with. Furthermore bossam isn't really a popular home dish anyway. It would be almost be like saying "every other American family has their own corned beef and cabbage recipe."

And for the OP...I really hate to be "that guy" on /r/food but this isn't really "bo ssam style"...it's "momofuku style." This kind of roasted pig simply doesn't exist in actual Korean cuisine and would be completely unrecognizable to anyone in Korea. The only place in the world where this is called bo ssam is at Momofuku.Nice job, They look great! My family goes nuts for these on the holidays! Per a [recent comment](http://www.reddit.com/r/food/comments/2v7gw8/my_first_time_making_pizza_i_think_it_turned_out/cofzoen)...I'm sorry what? o.o


BUT FLOWERS--ps how did you do those?no idea but I saw the video and in the comments lots of people mentioned tamarind being used a lot in pad thai so I thought that's what it was. I would have guessed oyster sauce thoughIt was to me. I'd never eaten a bagel that good before. And pretzel milk is strange but really good. It tastes like pretzels soaked in milk that's been sweetened. Hard to describe, but strangely satisfying. I studied at Manchester for a semester. Damn I miss English breakfasts...I made this the other day and it was pretty good.  We used beef ramen, though.  I would eat it again.  

We also made it once with spinach and that was good too.tldr; owner of food cart that gets 2 star review breaks down cost of food and running a small business, won't sacrifice on quality to make it cheaper, pays employees fair. Then, refunds the customer's card $6.76 of the $9 to eliminate any profit that could have been earned by the owner. ...smoother than a fresh jar of Skippy!